Encounter III
[1340 MINUTES REMAINING]
Lunar Terminator @ 6.94% Luminosity

Partway through the seventeenth century, Swedish settlers arrived on the eastern coastline of the North American continent. They sailed south along the land inhabited by the Lenape people, eventually coming across a wide, recessed bay, its mouth protected by a long, narrow, rocky and uninhabitable island. They passed into the bay, continuing until they reached the furthest inland point of the bay’s triangular body, where the water flowed into a river that stretched further into the continent. They weighed anchor and established a colony.
Over several centuries, and through a storied history of violence, that colony grew into the port city of St. Alëmskaan’machi, the largest metropolitan area in the state of Delaware and one of the preeminent American economic hubs. An expansive port stretched along the southern edge of Goldbar Bay, opposite the industrial district to the north. Shipping traffic entered the bay through the passage south of the Portvaktens Palats, the barrier island, and exited via the northern passage.
The metal spires of the downtown district rose in a crowd near the Brightbird River estuary, and the rest of the city sprawled inland, divided by the river itself, with privileged neighborhoods stretching northward and working class neighborhoods relegated to the south. A series of eclectic, beloved bridges connected both halves of the city, most of them designed for automotive traffic, a handful exclusively for foot traffic.
The Bridgemall Commercial Park served a different purpose. A tied-arch design held aloft the two-story, one-hundred and fifty meter structure, which spanned the Brightbird River from north to south, about two miles inland from the estuary. Inside, shoppers could patronize any of the mall’s two-hundred trendy stores, or enjoy a meal at the food court, where two specially engineered glass floors, one connecting both mezzanines on the second floor and the other serving as the main walkway on the first floor, granted a nearly unobstructed view of the river more than fifty meters below.
Jhansi said, “I love Bridgemall!”
She paused, then added, “What’s at Bridgemall?”
Bineylum said, “We’re looking for someone.”
Right, Oren had said something about that.
Someone with a K name?
Jhansi asked, “What’s the deal with that? How do you know they’re supposed to be with you? How come they’re not?”
Binyelum dragged their fingers across the shifter.
“I know she’s supposed to be with us because I saw her in the daydreaming. We all saw each other, that’s part of how it works.”
Yet another anomaly in Jhansi’s experience.
Great.
Nebulites blinked into the cabin at uneven intervals.
Binyelum said, “I don’t know why she wasn’t close by when the netherlume shift started tonight.”
They paused, then added, “It worries me.”
Jhansi asked, “But she’s at Bridgemall?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“No. But it looks like there’s probably an endling at Bridgemall who knows where she is.”
Jhansi blinked.
“You learned that from the memory card you crushed?”
Binyelum said, “We all learned it.”
Velocity bucked their legs, bouncing Jhansi.
“Didn’t you break a memory card too?”
Jhansi frowned.
She looked across at Oren, searching his face for support as she replied.
“Well. Yeah. I just–”
Binyelum interrupted.
“She has a hard time with the memories.”
Oren blinked at her.
Velocity made a small noise.
“Figures.”
Sebastian looked pained.
“And you’re still sure she’s not gonna fuck anything up?”
Jhansi said, “Hey!”
Binyelum shrugged.
“I prefer practice over theory.”
Sebastian made a face, pressing together his lips and bugging out his eyes.
Thorns of static began to grow in Jhansi’s interior space. She pushed them back down, hard, smashing their roots. It hurt, but it would hurt a lot more to lose control on Velocity’s lap.
She said, “What’s it like? Seeing a memory like that?”
Sebastian’s expression turned into a theatrical leer.
“I watched through an endling’s eyes as it ate a teenager’s head.”
Sebastian’s leer widened. His eyes went manic, and distant. He spoke breathlessly.
Jhansi swallowed.
Sebastian continued.
“I felt it. All of it. Not just the way their body twitched and squirmed in my grip, but the way I felt about it. I loved it. It felt so good, seeing them so helpless and pathetic and amusing. Their squealing resonated in my mouth. I could taste their tears and snot on my tongue. I salivated. And chewed. I felt designed for it. Just a little pressure and–”
Sebastian laughed.
“–their squealing pitched up like a fucking cartoon. It was so fucking funny! I couldn’t hold back. I bit down. Their skull gave way all at once, shattering and caving in. Brains squeezed into my mouth like fucking easy cheese. Their whole life spurted onto my tongue and I swallowed it down.”
What?
Jhansi said, “That’s–”
Sebastian kept going.
“They pissed and shit them–”
Nancy reached from the front seat and slapped Sebastian’s face.
He blinked. A spot of pink blossomed where Nancy had struck. He raised a hand and touched it. He swallowed.
“Sorry.”
Nancy stared at him with an indecipherable expression.
Jhansi blinked.
What the fuck?
She breathed hard, practically snorting through flared nostrils. Blood pounded in her ears. Her stomach felt hot and tight.
What the hell did this feeling mean?
For a moment nobody spoke.
At last Binyelum asked, “Did you get to see their gift?”
Sebastian shook their head.
“What?”
Binyelum expounded.
“That special one, they had a gift. Did you get to see them use it?”
Sebastian paused.
“Actually, yeah, I did.”
“Well, what was it?”
A vacant seafood market emerged from the cloak on their right. Somewhere behind its boarded up windows a nebulite emitted a soft blue glow. Orange blood dripped down the graffiti painted across its facade.
“Their gift was a mobility boost, a kind of jump, I guess? When they shared their gift they’d launch you forward and upward, pretty hard, without any kind of charge up at all, at a little less than a forty-five degree angle. You’d even get a little animated motion line afterimage. I watched them throw a special one with a pipe wrench straight into an endling’s face. The wrench smashed through the endling’s eye. It was a killswing.”
Binyelum nodded.
“That’s a pretty neat gift.”
Jhansi stared through Sebastian and tried to clear her thoughts.
Binyelum said, “It's probably going to be like that at Bridgemall.”
What?
Jhansi thought about watching through Mambele’s window as the Asterlings fought those endlings in the cafe. If they had lost, would it have ended like Sebastian had just described? Jhansi swallowed.
Binyelum pulled into a parking lot. Jhansi whipped around. They couldn’t have already reached Bridgemall. No way, not yet.
Binyelum pulled the parking brake and again left the engine running. They exited Mambele, and popped the seat forward. Nancy filed out, and Sebastian and Oren followed her.
Velocity said, “Come on, princess, let’s get going.”
Jhansi blinked.
She blushed and hurried out of the car. Velocity followed. They left the door open.
Jhansi looked around. Binyelum hadn’t parked anywhere with a nebulite. Jhansi couldn’t see far into the cloak, but still, this didn’t look like Bridgemall at all.
Jhansi asked, “Where are we?”
Binyelum pointed upward.
“The Washington Center.”
The Washington Center office campus consisted of an octagonal, thirteen-story tower and two adjoining rectangular buildings, one to the northwest with five stories, the other to the northeast with seven stories. Wide, glass-encased breezeways connected the smaller buildings to the central tower. The parking lot sat southward of the campus, with a second and third level underground.
Jhansi looked up to where Binyelum pointed.
She couldn’t see shit.
She said, “I can’t see shit.”
Binyelum laughed.
“Yeah. It’ll get easier to see through the cloak as the moon gets full.”
Jhansi stopped craning her neck.
“So why are we here?”
Binyelum said, “We need to scout the route to Bridgemall.”
Jhansi blinked.
“Scout?”
Sebastian laughed.
“Do you know the safest way to Bridgemall?”
Jhansi thought for a second.
“I guess probably head south from here until we reach one of the wider neighborhood avenues that will take us onto the highway, and from there we–”
Sebastian interrupted.
“And you’re sure there’s nothing waiting on the highway?”
Jhansi blinked.
“What?”
Sebastian blinked back at her.
“If I was a thirty-eight caliber alterling looking to pick off some dumb, easy special ones at the beginning of the netherlume shift, I’d lurk on the highways for sure. Who wouldn’t want to take the quick way through the city?”
Jhansi blinked again.
“Oh fuck.”
Sebastian nodded.
“She begins to understand!”
Jhansi turned to Binyelum.
“But how are you going to be able to scout anything in–”
She gestured around her.
“–this?”
Binyelum laughed.
“Probably not very well. But we have to try.”
Jhansi looked up again.
“Are there endlings up there?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“Won’t know ‘til we get there.”
Jhansi looked back at them.
“Fuck.”
Binyelum nodded.
“She begins to understand.”
Jhansi blinked, then looked toward the base of the tower.
“What if it’s locked?”
Sebastian laughed.
“Oh no, we break a rule.”
Jhansi turned and stared at him.
Asshole.
Binyelum said, “C’mon.”
They popped the trunk, and everyone went to retrieve their swords, along with the accoutrements Jhansi had noticed earlier. She watched as Sebastian retrieved their flower crown and placed it on their head. The oversaturated vibrance of the petals again stood out starkly against the night. Velocity reached in and pulled out an astronaut’s helmet. The reflective surface of the gold-coated visor glowed steadily and emphatically, and the white curves of the helmet gleamed. Oren grabbed a pair of black open back mixing headphones, the cable severed about four inches down. The artfully engineered edges seemed to cut into the scenery around them. Bineylum grabbed a headband with a pair of fox ears fixed on top. Jhansi had never seen a shade of orange that bright in her life. Nancy abstained from grabbing anything.
Nancy had a whole deal, huh?
Jhansi grabbed her red fire extinguisher and the canvas bag, and pulled down Mambele’s trunk.
The Asterlings turned toward the Washington Center Tower. Jhansi hurried to catch up. Now that Mambele had refreshed everyone, she could see the design on the back of Binyelum’s jacket. A purple rose outlined in gold crested like the rising moon, cut off halfway at the cropped hem of the jacket, encircled by text rendered in brilliant white.
TO: SOMEPLACE TO CALL YOUR OWN, FROM: WHICH TO TAKE A STAND
What an absolute bastard.
Jhansi turned to Oren and said, “We didn’t scout the route between that 7-11 and Rue’s Cafe.”
Oren shrugged.
“It was early in the night. It’s …”
He trailed off, then concluded, “It’s hard to run into the wrong crowds, that early.”
He paused, then added, “Usually.”
Jhansi watched him.
He added, “Plus, where would we have scouted from around there?”
Jhansi thought for a second.
“There’s that apartment building.”
Oren nodded.
“Ah, yeah. That apartment building.”
Jhansi said, “You know what I mean.”
They reached the hemisphere of shallow stairs leading up to the glass front doors of the Washington Center Tower.
Binyelum danced up the stairs, then paused.
“Hm.”
Everyone paused in turn. Jhansi saw why. One of the doors hung limp, barely connected by a single hinge. Shattered glass lay all around. Jhansi couldn't see the door’s push bar anywhere.
Velocity stepped forward.
“Well shit.”
Binyelum agreed.
“Shit indeed.”
They looked into the dark interior of the tower lobby.
Sebastian added, “Frosted shit flakes?”
Binyelum toed the glass shards at their feet.
“That's what these are.”
They turned to face the Asterlings.
“Whoever came through was either very confident or very stupid.”
They looked toward the parking lot and Mambele's beaming headlights.
“They didn't care about keeping their presence a secret, so, probably not an alterling.”
They paused, then added, “And they probably didn't intend to stick around. There’s no one else in the parking lot, so they're probably already gone.”
Oren said, “There's plenty of parking on the other side of the campus. And there's two other levels of parking right here.”
Binyelum shook their head.
“Too much work.”
They turned back toward the smashed door.
“Nancy and Velocity, you go first. Sebastian and Jhansi will follow. Oren and I will take up the rear. There's gonna be a carpeted landing inside, with two flights of stairs on either side that curve downward, and a shallow flight in the middle that leads up. We're gonna head up those stairs, and then immediately to the right there will be a wall of elevators. There's also a door along the wall that leads to a stairwell. We're gonna take that stairwell all the way up. Go slow and quiet, and we should be fine.”
Jhansi swallowed. She did not want to set foot in that building. Her instincts screamed at her to return to Mambele and wait it out. What difference would her presence even make? She’d probably just slow everyone down.
Nancy stepped over the shattered door and into the lobby.
Fuck it.
Jhansi tightened her grip on her fire extinguisher. She stayed close behind Sebastian as he followed Velocity into the darkness. Binyelum smiled at Jhansi as she passed. She made a face.
The glass crunched beneath Jhansi’s flats. She stepped over the broken door in a whirl, lifting her left foot, turning to place it inside the rectangle of bent metal, continuing the spin, placing her right foot inside with her, then repeating the motion to step fully onto the landing inside the building. She looked back. Oren smiled with amusement as he stepped inside. Binyelum followed.
Jhansi felt the space of the lobby looming around and above her. The dull thump of soft footsteps rose to the ceiling as the Asterlings crossed the carpeted landing, replaced by sharper clacks as they crossed the marble tiling. Jhansi squinted, searching down the hallway for anything at all for her eyes to catch on. With the moon occluded, the cloak limited visibility to little more than a meter.
Fucking great.
Nancy found the door Binyelum had mentioned, absent a handle. She touched the splintered wood, shrugged to herself, and pulled. The door swung outward. The gloom beyond seemed even worse. Somehow.
Really fucking great.
Binyelum said, “At least the door to the roof is probably open.”
Nancy disappeared through the doorway. The bang of her feet on the concrete stairs echoed back out into the lobby. The rest of the Asterlings followed. Jhansi’s visibility diminished to practically nothing. She could barely see the back of Sebastian’s vest.
Absolutely beautiful.
Jhansi went to mount the stairs, misjudged the distance, and stumbled awkwardly. She threw out her arms to catch herself. Her right forearm banged against the metal edge of something.
Jhansi hissed, “Fuck!”
Binyelum said, “Hold up.”
The click of a cigarette lighter preceded a warm orange glow. It illuminated more of the stairwell than Jhansi would have expected. A red fire extinguisher gleamed in a glass case on the wall to her right.
Binyelum said, “Pass this up to Velocity.”
The light went out, and after a second Jhansi felt Oren’s hand on her back. She groped toward it, trying to not touch too much of his skin, blushing when she failed. She passed the lighter along to Sebastian. After another moment of blind shuffling, the lighter clicked on again.
They all took the stairs slowly, one at a time. Nancy held her ax ready, with Velocity holding the lighter close behind. Their shadows split and converged with the flickering light. After ten steps the stairs switched back, turning to the left. A locked door waited on the next landing, decorated with a placard marked 2. So how many stairs would it take in total? Two-hundred and sixty? Or, wait. Two-hundred? Jhansi started counting.
At stair two-hundred and thirty-three Velocity swore.
“Pejudo.”
Everyone lurched to a halt.
Nancy stood on the stairs leading up to the landing for the thirteenth floor. Velocity stood on the switchback. Both wore hard expressions and stared up at something Jhansi couldn't see.
Velocity said, “Welp.”
Binyelum called, “What?”
Velocity looked back down the stairs. Sebastian stepped up onto the switchback to take a look. His jaw fell open, mouth widening as his eyes searched the scene. Nancy tightened her grip on her ax and continued staring upward.
Jhansi's ears picked up a new sound, too quiet to hear over half a dozen pairs of moving feet. A rhythmic, sinewy squelching, like a wet rope twisting tighter and tighter. A second later there came a louder snap. Sebastian looked away.
Velocity said, “Just, come take a look.”
Binyelum pushed past Oren and Jhansi. Sebastian shuffled out of the way. Jhansi followed Binyelum. Oren made a sound when Jhansi moved, but didn't say anything.
Binyelum looked up toward the landing for the thirteenth floor.
“Ah.”
They stepped past Velocity, then past Nancy, stopping a single stair shy of the landing. They looked up into a corner of the ceiling, where everyone else had directed their attention, then around at something Jhansi couldn't see, their expression calculating. The stairs ended here, so the landing had a wider surface area than any of the others. Binyelum looked up at another corner of the ceiling, then back to the first, then back down at the Asterlings.
Jhansi craned forward.
The white sole of a sneaker dangled in midair above the landing.
Fuck.
Jhansi looked upward, first taking in the recognizable shape of the limp body, and then the unwelcome, dark topography of shapes clustered in the corner of the ceiling.
The body wore a pair of dark blue board shorts and a white button-down tee patterned with bright watermelon slices. The tee hung open, showing off the body’s tanned, hairless stomach. The body had no arms. Thick trails of blood stained both sides of the tee. Drops fell steadily from the hem, splashing into a growing pool.
Something had swallowed the body's head, and nearly half its torso. It pulsed, shuddered, and pulled the body inward a few more inches. The shape of it had a geometric structure, something like a honeycomb. Mucous membranes like stiff toruses lined the interior of most cells.
The center cell flared and bulged, distending to accommodate the body it had claimed. The membrane there swelled and clenched. There came another loud snap, and the body disappeared a few inches further into the monster.
