Jhansi Aur - Encounter III
[1340 MINUTES REMAINING]
Lunar Terminator @ 6.94% Luminosity

Partway through the seventeenth century, Swedish settlers arrived on the eastern coastline of the North American continent. They sailed south along the land inhabited by the Lenape people, eventually coming across a wide, recessed bay, its mouth protected by a long, narrow, rocky and uninhabitable island. They passed into the bay, continuing until they reached the furthest inland point of the bay’s triangular body, where the water flowed into a river that stretched further into the continent. They weighed anchor and established a colony.
Over several centuries, and through a storied history of violence, that colony grew into the port city of St. Alëmskaan’machi, the largest metropolitan area in the state of Delaware and one of the preeminent American economic hubs. An expansive port stretched along the southern edge of Goldbar Bay, opposite the industrial district to the north. Shipping traffic entered the bay through the passage south of the Portvaktens Palats, the barrier island, and exited via the northern passage.
The metal spires of the downtown district rose in a crowd near the Brightbird River estuary, and the rest of the city sprawled inland, divided by the river itself, with privileged neighborhoods stretching northward and working class neighborhoods relegated to the south. A series of eclectic, beloved bridges connected both halves of the city, most of them designed for automotive traffic, a handful exclusively for foot traffic.
The Bridgemall Commercial Park served a different purpose. A tied-arch design held aloft the two-story, one-hundred and fifty meter structure, which spanned the Brightbird River from north to south, about two miles inland from the estuary. Inside, shoppers could patronize any of the mall’s two-hundred trendy stores, or enjoy a meal at the food court, where two specially engineered glass floors, one connecting both mezzanines on the second floor and the other serving as the main walkway on the first floor, granted a nearly unobstructed view of the river more than fifty meters below.
Jhansi said, “I love Bridgemall!”
She paused, then added, “What’s at Bridgemall?”
Bineylum said, “We’re looking for someone.”
Right, Oren had said something about that.
Someone with a K name?
Jhansi asked, “What’s the deal with that? How do you know they’re supposed to be with you? How come they’re not?”
Binyelum dragged their fingers across the shifter.
“I know she’s supposed to be with us because I saw her in the daydreaming. We all saw each other, that’s part of how it works.”
Yet another anomaly in Jhansi’s experience.
Great.
Nebulites blinked into the cabin at uneven intervals.
Binyelum said, “I don’t know why she wasn’t close by when the netherlume shift started tonight.”
They paused, then added, “It worries me.”
Jhansi asked, “But she’s at Bridgemall?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“No. But it looks like there’s probably an endling at Bridgemall who knows where she is.”
Jhansi blinked.
“You learned that from the memory card you crushed?”
Binyelum said, “We all learned it.”
Velocity bucked their legs, bouncing Jhansi.
“Didn’t you break a memory card too?”
Jhansi frowned.
She looked across at Oren, searching his face for support as she replied.
“Well. Yeah. I just–”
Binyelum interrupted.
“She has a hard time with the memories.”
Oren blinked at her.
Velocity made a small noise.
“Figures.”
Sebastian looked pained.
“And you’re still sure she’s not gonna fuck anything up?”
Jhansi said, “Hey!”
Binyelum shrugged.
“I prefer practice over theory.”
Sebastian made a face, pressing together his lips and bugging out his eyes.
Thorns of static began to grow in Jhansi’s interior space. She pushed them back down, hard, smashing their roots. It hurt, but it would hurt a lot more to lose control on Velocity’s lap.
She said, “What’s it like? Seeing a memory like that?”
Sebastian’s expression turned into a theatrical leer.
“I watched through an endling’s eyes as it ate a teenager’s head.”
Sebastian’s leer widened. His eyes went manic, and distant. He spoke breathlessly.
Jhansi swallowed.
Sebastian continued.
“I felt it. All of it. Not just the way their body twitched and squirmed in my grip, but the way I felt about it. I loved it. It felt so good, seeing them so helpless and pathetic and amusing. Their squealing resonated in my mouth. I could taste their tears and snot on my tongue. I salivated. And chewed. I felt designed for it. Just a little pressure and–”
Sebastian laughed.
“–their squealing pitched up like a fucking cartoon. It was so fucking funny! I couldn’t hold back. I bit down. Their skull gave way all at once, shattering and caving in. Brains squeezed into my mouth like fucking easy cheese. Their whole life spurted onto my tongue and I swallowed it down.”
What?
Jhansi said, “That’s–”
Sebastian kept going.
“They pissed and shit them–”
Nancy reached from the front seat and slapped Sebastian’s face.
He blinked. A spot of pink blossomed where Nancy had struck. He raised a hand and touched it. He swallowed.
“Sorry.”
Nancy stared at him with an indecipherable expression.
Jhansi blinked.
What the fuck?
She breathed hard, practically snorting through flared nostrils. Blood pounded in her ears. Her stomach felt hot and tight.
What the hell did this feeling mean?
For a moment nobody spoke.
At last Binyelum asked, “Did you get to see their gift?”
Sebastian shook their head.
“What?”
Binyelum expounded.
“That special one, they had a gift. Did you get to see them use it?”
Sebastian paused.
“Actually, yeah, I did.”
“Well, what was it?”
A vacant seafood market emerged from the cloak on their right. Somewhere behind its boarded up windows a nebulite emitted a soft blue glow. Orange blood dripped down the graffiti painted across its facade.
“Their gift was a mobility boost, a kind of jump, I guess? When they shared their gift they’d launch you forward and upward, pretty hard, without any kind of charge up at all, at a little less than a forty-five degree angle. You’d even get a little animated motion line afterimage. I watched them throw a special one with a pipe wrench straight into an endling’s face. The wrench smashed through the endling’s eye. It was a killswing.”
Binyelum nodded.
“That’s a pretty neat gift.”
Jhansi stared through Sebastian and tried to clear her thoughts.
Binyelum said, “It's probably going to be like that at Bridgemall.”
What?
Jhansi thought about watching through Mambele’s window as the Asterlings fought those endlings in the cafe. If they had lost, would it have ended like Sebastian had just described? Jhansi swallowed.
Binyelum pulled into a parking lot. Jhansi whipped around. They couldn’t have already reached Bridgemall. No way, not yet.
Binyelum pulled the parking brake and again left the engine running. They exited Mambele, and popped the seat forward. Nancy filed out, and Sebastian and Oren followed her.
Velocity said, “Come on, princess, let’s get going.”
Jhansi blinked.
She blushed and hurried out of the car. Velocity followed. They left the door open.
Jhansi looked around. Binyelum hadn’t parked anywhere with a nebulite. Jhansi couldn’t see far into the cloak, but still, this didn’t look like Bridgemall at all.
Jhansi asked, “Where are we?”
Binyelum pointed upward.
“The Washington Center.”
The Washington Center office campus consisted of an octagonal, thirteen-story tower and two adjoining rectangular buildings, one to the northwest with five stories, the other to the northeast with seven stories. Wide, glass-encased breezeways connected the smaller buildings to the central tower. The parking lot sat southward of the campus, with a second and third level underground.
Jhansi looked up to where Binyelum pointed.
She couldn’t see shit.
She said, “I can’t see shit.”
Binyelum laughed.
“Yeah. It’ll get easier to see through the cloak as the moon gets full.”
Jhansi stopped craning her neck.
“So why are we here?”
Binyelum said, “We need to scout the route to Bridgemall.”
Jhansi blinked.
“Scout?”
Sebastian laughed.
“Do you know the safest way to Bridgemall?”
Jhansi thought for a second.
“I guess probably head south from here until we reach one of the wider neighborhood avenues that will take us onto the highway, and from there we–”
Sebastian interrupted.
“And you’re sure there’s nothing waiting on the highway?”
Jhansi blinked.
“What?”
Sebastian blinked back at her.
“If I was a thirty-eight caliber alterling looking to pick off some dumb, easy special ones at the beginning of the netherlume shift, I’d lurk on the highways for sure. Who wouldn’t want to take the quick way through the city?”
Jhansi blinked again.
“Oh fuck.”
Sebastian nodded.
“She begins to understand!”
Jhansi turned to Binyelum.
“But how are you going to be able to scout anything in–”
She gestured around her.
“–this?”
Binyelum laughed.
“Probably not very well. But we have to try.”
Jhansi looked up again.
“Are there endlings up there?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“Won’t know ‘til we get there.”
Jhansi looked back at them.
“Fuck.”
Binyelum nodded.
“She begins to understand.”
Jhansi blinked, then looked toward the base of the tower.
“What if it’s locked?”
Sebastian laughed.
“Oh no, we break a rule.”
Jhansi turned and stared at him.
Asshole.
Binyelum said, “C’mon.”
They popped the trunk, and everyone went to retrieve their swords, along with the accoutrements Jhansi had noticed earlier. She watched as Sebastian retrieved their flower crown and placed it on their head. The oversaturated vibrance of the petals again stood out starkly against the night. Velocity reached in and pulled out an astronaut’s helmet. The reflective surface of the gold-coated visor glowed steadily and emphatically, and the white curves of the helmet gleamed. Oren grabbed a pair of black open back mixing headphones, the cable severed about four inches down. The artfully engineered edges seemed to cut into the scenery around them. Bineylum grabbed a headband with a pair of fox ears fixed on top. Jhansi had never seen a shade of orange that bright in her life. Nancy abstained from grabbing anything.
Nancy had a whole deal, huh?
Velocity flipped up their visor, the flash of their makeup vivid in the night.
Jhansi grabbed her red fire extinguisher and the canvas bag, and pulled down Mambele’s trunk.
The Asterlings turned toward the Washington Center Tower. Jhansi hurried to catch up. Now that Mambele had refreshed everyone, she could see the design on the back of Binyelum’s jacket. A purple rose outlined in gold crested like the rising moon, cut off halfway at the cropped hem of the jacket, encircled by text rendered in brilliant white.
TO: SOMEPLACE TO CALL YOUR OWN, FROM: WHICH TO TAKE A STAND
What an absolute bastard.
Jhansi turned to Oren and said, “We didn’t scout the route between that 7-11 and Rue’s Cafe.”
Oren shrugged.
“It was early in the night. It’s …”
He trailed off, then concluded, “It’s hard to run into the wrong crowds, that early.”
He paused, then added, “Usually.”
Jhansi watched him.
He added, “Plus, where would we have scouted from around there?”
Jhansi thought for a second.
“There’s that apartment building.”
Oren nodded.
“Ah, yeah. That apartment building.”
Jhansi said, “You know what I mean.”
They reached the hemisphere of shallow stairs leading up to the glass front doors of the Washington Center Tower.
Binyelum danced up the stairs, then paused.
“Hm.”
Everyone paused in turn. Jhansi saw why. One of the doors hung limp, barely connected by a single hinge. Shattered glass lay all around. Jhansi couldn't see the door’s push bar anywhere.
Velocity stepped forward.
“Well shit.”
Binyelum agreed.
“Shit indeed.”
They looked into the dark interior of the tower lobby.
Sebastian added, “Frosted shit flakes?”
Binyelum toed the glass shards at their feet.
“That's what these are.”
They turned to face the Asterlings.
“Whoever came through was either very confident or very stupid.”
They looked toward the parking lot and Mambele's beaming headlights.
“They didn't care about keeping their presence a secret, so, probably not an alterling.”
They paused, then added, “And they probably didn't intend to stick around. There’s no one else in the parking lot, so they're probably already gone.”
Oren said, “There's plenty of parking on the other side of the campus. And there's two other levels of parking right here.”
Binyelum shook their head.
“Too much work.”
They turned back toward the smashed door.
“Nancy and Velocity, you go first. Sebastian and Jhansi will follow. Oren and I will take up the rear. There's gonna be a carpeted landing inside, with two flights of stairs on either side that curve downward, and a shallow flight in the middle that leads up. We're gonna head up those stairs, and then immediately to the right there will be a wall of elevators. There's also a door along the wall that leads to a stairwell. We're gonna take that stairwell all the way up. Go slow and quiet, and we should be fine.”
Jhansi swallowed. She did not want to set foot in that building. Her instincts screamed at her to return to Mambele and wait it out. What difference would her presence even make? She’d probably just slow everyone down.
Nancy stepped over the shattered door and into the lobby.
Fuck it.
Jhansi tightened her grip on her fire extinguisher. She stayed close behind Sebastian as he followed Velocity into the darkness. Binyelum smiled at Jhansi as she passed. She made a face.
The glass crunched beneath Jhansi’s flats. She stepped over the broken door in a whirl, lifting her left foot, turning to place it inside the rectangle of bent metal, continuing the spin, placing her right foot inside with her, then repeating the motion to step fully onto the landing inside the building. She looked back. Oren smiled with amusement as he stepped inside. Binyelum followed.
Jhansi felt the space of the lobby looming around and above her. The dull thump of soft footsteps rose to the ceiling as the Asterlings crossed the carpeted landing, replaced by sharper clacks as they crossed the marble tiling. Jhansi squinted, searching down the hallway for anything at all for her eyes to catch on. With the moon occluded, the cloak limited visibility to little more than a meter.
Fucking great.
Nancy found the door Binyelum had mentioned, absent a handle. She touched the splintered wood, shrugged to herself, and pulled. The door swung outward. The gloom beyond seemed even worse. Somehow.
Really fucking great.
Binyelum said, “At least the door to the roof is probably open.”
Nancy disappeared through the doorway. The bang of her feet on the concrete stairs echoed back out into the lobby. The rest of the Asterlings followed. Jhansi’s visibility diminished to practically nothing. She could barely see the back of Sebastian’s vest.
Absolutely beautiful.
Jhansi went to mount the stairs, misjudged the distance, and stumbled awkwardly. She threw out her arms to catch herself. Her right forearm banged against the metal edge of something.
Jhansi hissed, “Fuck!”
Binyelum said, “Hold up.”
The click of a cigarette lighter preceded a warm orange glow. It illuminated more of the stairwell than Jhansi would have expected. A red fire extinguisher gleamed in a glass case on the wall to her right.
Binyelum said, “Pass this up to Velocity.”
The light went out, and after a second Jhansi felt Oren’s hand on her back. She groped toward it, trying to not touch too much of his skin, blushing when she failed. She passed the lighter along to Sebastian. After another moment of blind shuffling, the lighter clicked on again.
They all took the stairs slowly, one at a time. Nancy held her ax ready, with Velocity holding the lighter close behind. Their shadows split and converged with the flickering light. After ten steps the stairs switched back, turning to the left. A locked door waited on the next landing, decorated with a placard marked 2. So how many stairs would it take in total? Two-hundred and sixty? Or, wait. Two-hundred? Jhansi started counting.
At stair two-hundred and thirty-three Velocity swore.
“Pejudo.”
Everyone lurched to a halt.
Nancy stood on the stairs leading up to the landing for the thirteenth floor. Velocity stood on the switchback. Both wore hard expressions and stared up at something Jhansi couldn't see.
Velocity said, “Welp.”
Binyelum called, “What?”
Velocity looked back down the stairs. Sebastian stepped up onto the switchback to take a look. His jaw fell open, mouth widening as his eyes searched the scene. Nancy tightened her grip on her ax and continued staring upward.
Jhansi's ears picked up a new sound, too quiet to hear over half a dozen pairs of moving feet. A rhythmic, sinewy squelching, like a wet rope twisting tighter and tighter. A second later there came a louder snap. Sebastian looked away.
Velocity said, “Just, come take a look.”
Binyelum pushed past Oren and Jhansi. Sebastian shuffled out of the way. Jhansi followed Binyelum. Oren made a sound when Jhansi moved, but didn't say anything.
Binyelum looked up toward the landing for the thirteenth floor.
“Ah.”
They took the lighter and stepped past Velocity, then past Nancy, stopping a single stair shy of the landing. They looked up into a corner of the ceiling, where everyone else had directed their attention, then around at something Jhansi couldn't see, their expression calculating. The stairs ended here, so the landing had a wider surface area than any of the others. Binyelum looked up at another corner of the ceiling, then back to the first.
Jhansi craned forward.
The white sole of a sneaker dangled in midair above the landing.
Fuck.
Jhansi looked upward, first taking in the recognizable shape of the limp body, and then the unwelcome, dark topography of shapes clustered in the corner of the ceiling.
The body wore a pair of dark blue board shorts and a white button-down tee patterned with bright watermelon slices. The tee hung open, showing off the body’s tanned, hairless stomach. The body had no arms. Thick trails of blood stained both sides of the tee. Drops fell steadily from the hem, splashing into a growing pool.
Something had swallowed the body's head, and nearly half its torso. The thing pulsed, shuddered, and pulled the body inward a few more inches. The shape of it had a geometric structure, something like a honeycomb. Stiff mucous membranes lined the interior of most cells. Long tendrils dangled from the others, curling and swaying, occasionally unfurling and going tense, as though stretching. Hooked thorns grew at intervals along the length of each tendril, droplets of clear liquid beading near each point. Two tendrils held tightly to the body's waist, squeezing, supporting the body's weight. Red blood dribbled from deep puncture wounds where the tendrils made contact with the body's skin.
The cell in the center of the structure had distended to receive the body, crowding into the adjacent cells. The membrane there swelled, then clenched. There came another loud snap. The body disappeared a few inches further into the monster. Blood gushed from the holes in the body.
What the entire fuck.
Binyelum said warmly, “Nice.”
Jhansi looked at Binyelum with bulging eyes.
“What?”
The word came out tight.
Binyelum looked at her. They smiled. Jhansi found their dark eyes unsearchable.
They turned back to face the monster.
“They’re doing it right.”
Jhansi mirrored their gesture.
She stared at the feeding monster. Her mind went blank. The world slipped out of focus. Someone jostled against her and she responded automatically, backing down the stairs. The Asterlings conversed, the sound reaching Jhansi as though through water. She heard the words but didn’t process their meaning.
Oren said, “Solo?”
Binyelum said, “Probably not. Probably picked off from a band like ours. Last one in line on the way back down.”
Velocity said, “And nobody fucking noticed?”
Bineylum said, “Seems like.”
Had the monster captured the teenager alive? 
Velocity said, “Nobody noticed the fucking beehive alterling in the corner of the stairwell? Nobody noticed when they got outside and a whole fucking person was gone?”
Binyelum said, “Maybe they didn’t have a light. Maybe they didn’t want to come back.”
Sebastian said, “Maybe they made a sacrifice. To keep the alterling busy.”
Bineylum said, “Don’t get any ideas.”
Had it lifted the teenager bodily and forced them to feel the rip of each departing arm, the muscles stretching, resisting, yielding, tearing with percussive snaps, their body reconfigured to fit more conveniently into the monster’s feeding apparatus?
Oren said, “Pejudo lo anmo.”
He sighed, then continued.
“Well, if I share my gift I can get you or Nancy up there. It’s an awkward spot, but–”
Binyelum interrupted.
“Dunno. Don’t really like those barbs. That secretion is at least paralytic, and probably poisonous.”
Had the teenager watched as the monster’s awful mouth gaped to accommodate them, the folds of its membrane filling their vision, their entire world reduced to a salivating cavern?
Binyelum added, “If we don’t get up in its business, chances are it’ll leave us alone.”
Velocity said, “You’re really just going to leave it there?”
Binyelum said, “Why not?”
“Because it’s fucking eating someone, Binyelum.”
“Yeah. It’s supposed to. That’s how this works.”
Had the teenager’s legs kicked out in protest, punctuating the futility of their final moments, until the monster tightened its inexorable hold and snapped their neck?
Jhansi felt sick.
Velocity slammed their fist against the wall.
Jhansi started.
Sebastian said, “And you’re sure it’s not gonna take a swipe at us while we’re climbing past?”
Binyelum said, “Pretty sure. Because then it would die. It doesn’t want that.”
Velocity said, “It might go for all of us at once. It’s got enough fucking tentacles.”
Binyelum said, “Jhansi.”
Jhansi blinked.
Binyelum repeated, “Jhansi!”
Oh shit.
Jhansi turned.
“Huh?”
Sebastian said, “Is she gonna throw up?”
Oh fuck off.
Binyelum said, “We’re gonna climb past that alterling. You’re gonna go last. If it makes any kind of movement toward us at all, hit it with your fire extinguisher.”
Jhansi looked down at her weapon, then back up at Binyelum.
“I can’t reach.”
Binyelum laughed.
“No, tryhardling. Spray it.”
Oh.
Jhansi said, “Oh.”
Stupid bitch.
Binyelum said, “Are you alright? Do you think you can handle that?”
Could she handle watching a monster continue to devour a teenager? That sounded like the absolute last thing Jhansi wanted to experience right now. She swallowed. The sick feeling hadn’t gone away. Her eyes again went unfocused. She felt Binyelum watching her. What would they say if she said no? What would all the Asterlings say? Sebastian would feel vindicated. Velocity might feel like she had some ulterior motive. Would Binyelum feel like revoking her title?
Jhansi’s interior space crackled.
Jhansi said, “Yeah I can handle it.”
She pressed past everyone else, up onto the landing. Binyelum held the lighter up high, illuminating the space. The alterling loomed, much closer than she had expected. The dead teenager’s sneakers dangled less than a meter from her face. A wet, sucking sound came from somewhere inside the structure of the monster. Another stream of blood gushed down the sides of the body as it disappeared upward by several more inches.
Jhansi gasped and backed away quickly, turning red, embarrassed and frustrated. The monster probably could have killed her in that moment. Or at least struck at her with those thorns. Binyelum had said something about them. Poisonous? Fucking probably. Not something she wanted to think about right now.
Jhansi looked around the landing. A ladder stretched up the wall opposite the stairs. The door at the top hung open, framing the crescent moon. Jhansi understood what Binyelum had meant about climbing.
Where should she position herself? Standing beneath the alterling sounded like a nightmare. If she stood in the corner alongside the alterling, next to the door leading onto the thirteenth floor, the monster might lash out faster than she could react. She positioned herself along the railing that protected the stairs, close enough to catch the alterling with the fire extinguisher, but out of the way of everyone else. 
Jhansi went to unhook the nozzle from the side of the canister and realized she didn’t have any idea how to use a fire extinguisher. No way could she read the instructions right here. Her eyes darted down to the weapon and back up. She found a pin on the handle and pulled it, hoping nothing would happen. Nothing did. She pocketed the pin and unhooked the nozzle, pointing it at the altering.
Jhansi called, “Ready.”
She heard movement below.
Sebastian came up first. He kept his back to Jhansi, holding his barbell between himself and the alterling. He reached the ladder and craned his neck upward.
Sebastian said, “Shit.”
He raised his voice and said, “I’m gonna leave my barbell here. Oren, will you pass it up to me?”
Oren said, “Sure thing.”
Sebastian nodded. He leaned his barbell alongside the ladder. He climbed upward quickly. His silhouette disappeared outside. The alterling barely moved.
Jhansi called, “Next.”
Oren appeared from the stairwell. Like Sebastian, he kept his back to Jhansi. He grabbed Sebastian’s barbell, mounted a few rungs of the ladder, and lifted the barbell upward. Sebastian reached down. The alterling shuddered. A pendulous tendril curled outward. Jhansi thrust the nozzle forward, half an instant away from squeezing the handle when the tendril flicked back in the other direction.
Had the monster just fucking teased her?
Sebastian retrieved his barbell.
Oren climbed upward.
Jhansi called, “Next.”
Velocity appeared. They faced Jhansi, their back to the alterling, and looked her over. A grin spread across their face.
“You’re doing great.”
They climbed the ladder, their bat clanging loudly off the rungs.
Jhansi called, “Next.”
Nancy appeared. She looked up at the alterling, squeezed hard on her ax, and turned to Jhansi. Her eyes searched Jhansi’s face. Jhansi stared resolutely at the alterling. Nancy climbed the ladder.
Jhansi called, “Next.”
Binyelum appeared. They crossed toward the ladder. The shadows of the alterling and the corpse danced across the ceiling. Instead of climbing, Binyelum stood alongside Jhansi and looked up at the monster.
Binyelum said, “Isn’t that great?”
Jhansi said, “It’s completely fucked up.”
Binyelum replied, “Yeah,” in an unreasonable tone of warmth.
They looked up the ladder and called, “Hey, come grab the lighter!”
Velocity’s head appeared above. They reached down, not quite far enough. Binyelum mounted the ladder with one hand, stretched upward, and handed over the lighter. The light flickered, but did not blink out. Velocity retreated a pace to make room as Binyelum climbed out of the stairwell. Jhansi found herself alone.
Binyelum’s head appeared above.
“You can come up now.”
Jhansi swallowed. The corpse disappeared a few inches further into the alterling. By now the monster had swallowed nearly all of the teenager’s torso. It no longer held onto the body’s waist. Two more tendrils swung freely.
Jhansi called, “So do I pass the fire extinguisher up to you, or …?”
Binyelum said, “Oh. Yeah.”
They reached down. Jhansi glanced up the ladder. Binyelum’s hand seemed a thousand miles away. Jhansi backed up against the wall and sidled over to the ladder. She looked up again. Closer, but not by much. Jhansi curled the hose of the fire extinguisher into a loop and grabbed the nozzle with the hand that held the handle. She reached up with her free hand, mounted the ladder, and pushed herself as high as she could, inverting the fire extinguisher so that Binyelum could grab it by the bottom.
Jhansi hung in the air, exposed and undefended, boxed in with a hungry predator. Her entire body hummed with voltage. A single breath marked the blisteringly narrow line between life and death.
Binyelum grabbed the fire extinguisher.
Jhansi clambered upward quickly, almost before Binyelum had fully prepared the fire extinguisher. The cool metal of the ladder threatened to send her slipping. She squeezed each rung as hard as she could, pulling, slamming her flats down after each upward push. A breeze blew in through the open doorway and across Jhansi's face. She stole a final look at the alterling as she passed outside. It fucking waved at her.
Jhansi stepped out onto the roof of the Washington Center Tower and inhaled the timelessly bright coastal air.
Binyelum returned Jhansi’s fire extinguisher.
They grinned.
“First live one, huh?”
Jhansi glared at them.
“It’s fucking terrifying.”
Binyelum giggled.
“Yeah, it really is.”
They looked up toward the empty sky.
“It’s always fucking terrifying.”
Their grin widened. The faraway moon glittered off their sharp teeth. Their eyes glowed.
Jhansi said, “You …”
She narrowed her eyes.
“You like them?”
Binyelum looked down toward Jhansi. Their expression did not change. The angle and shadow made it difficult for Jhansi to see all of their face.
“I was one of them.”
Jhansi blinked.
“You were an alterling?”
Binyelum snorted.
“Duh.”
They playfully slapped her shoulder and stepped back.
“What, did you think I was a fucking endling?”
Jhansi noticed Sebastian look over toward Binyelum.
She said, “Like that one?” and pointed back over her shoulder at the stairwell.
Binyelum barked a laugh. They shook their head. They smiled and raised an eyebrow.
“What kind of alterling do you think I was?”
Jhansi blushed, then made a face. Why did the thought embarrass her? And why hadn’t she thought of it sooner? Why hadn’t she wondered that about any of the Asterlings?
She said, “Holy shit.”
Binyelum tilted their head.
“Too scary?”
Jhansi shook her head.
“No.”
She paused.
“Well yes, but no. Just. You guys really were all monsters, huh?”
Binyelum gave her a strange look.
“And you weren’t?”
Jhansi shook her head again.
“Binyelum!”
Binyelum said nothing.
Jhansi said, “I’ve told you! Like a thousand times.”
Binyelum stared at her for longer than she would have liked.
They shrugged.
“We’ll see. Have you been working on that memory?”
Jhansi blinked.
“Memory?”
Binyelum widened their eyes.
They said, slowly, “Yes, Jhansi. The memory you acquired back at Rue’s Cafe.”
Jhansi blinked again.
“Oh! Right! That memory, of course!”
She nodded.
Binyelum said, “Do you remember any of it?”
Oh shit.
Jhansi actually hadn’t worked on that at all.
She said, “Um. Not yet?”
Binyelum’s expression darkened.
“Do what you’re good at and try.”
They turned before Jhansi could reply. Her mouth hung open. She closed it. Binyelum crossed the roof toward the ledge where the Asterlings had gathered, on the west side of the building. Jhansi walked to catch up.
Velocity gestured outward.
“Behold.”
Jhansi still couldn’t see shit.
Well, no.
As she stared, her eyes began to pick up the distant glow of nebulites. Tiny pinpricks of color gleamed through the cloak. The longer Jhansi looked, the more she found herself able to guess at the locations of the nebulites. A deep emerald glow emanated from where Jhansi guessed they would find Bridgemall. Flickers of gold danced here and there. Headlights.
Sebastian said, “This sucks.”
Binyelum said, “First special one I ever ate was a cups whose gift allowed the receiver to see through the cloak, through her eyes.”
Sebastian looked at them.
“A cups? That sounds like a pentacles thing to me.”
Velocity said, “I was thinking a swords.”
Binyelum shrugged.
“You’d think so.”
Jhansi gave Binyelum a look.
“Cups? Pentacles? Swords?”
Binyelum smiled.
Oren said, “Three of the four suits.”
Jhansi blinked.
“Suits?”
Oren laughed.
“Cups. Wands. Swords. Pentacles. Our gifts fall under one of the four suits.”
He held up four fingers, then pulled them down one at a time as he described the suits.
“Pentacles restore the body, or provide a boon. Swords alter the body in some way that doesn’t restore it. Wands move the body, or cause the body to move other objects. Cups affect things like thought, feeling, and memory.”
Neat.
Jhansi looked around at the Asterlings.
“What are all of you?”
Velocity smirked.
“That’s kind of private, princess.”
Shit, really?
Jhansi blushed.
“Oh. Uh. Sorry.”
Oren laughed.
“It’s fine. It really only matters if you don’t want someone devising strategies against you.”
Oh.
Oren added, “I’m a five of wands.”
Huh.
Fitting.
Velocity’s smirk turned to a smile.
They said, “I’m a six of pentacles.”
Also fitting.
Sebastian said, “Five of pentacles.”
Huh.
It made sense according to the rules, but where did Sebastian and Velocity’s personalities overlap?
Bineylum said, “I’m a knight of swords.”
Oh for fuck’s sake.
Binyelum pointed at Nancy with their thumb.
“And Nancy’s an ace.”
Wait.
Nancy, an ace?
Jhansi asked, “Of swords?”
Nancy nodded.
Wild.
Jhansi asked, “Is that highest or lowest?”
Binyelum and Nancy looked at each other.
They both shrugged at the same time.
Because of course. Nothing here functioned without some kind of esoterica to it. Velocity and Sebastian had even expressed confusion over the suit of Bineylum’s first–
Waitaminute.
Jhansi said, “Hang on. You really killed a special one?”
Everyone looked at her.
Binyelum said, “Yes?”
Oren said, “We all have.”
Jhansi blinked.
“But I thought that was like, really bad.”
Binyelum pursed their lips.
“If you're a special one, yeah.”
They furrowed their brows.
“Why is this surprising?”
Jhansi shook her head.
“I don't know. Just …”
She pictured Binyelum as a dark, gruesome shape, hunched over a body, pulling it apart, stuffing limbs into their gaping maw.
Warmth ignited in her stomach.
She looked away and repeated, “I don't know.”
Oren put a hand on Jhansi's shoulder. Jhansi started. She looked at him. He smiled faintly, but didn't say anything.
Binyelum returned their attention to the occluded sprawl of the city. For a moment they stared without speaking. Jhansi watched the distant nebulites flicker.
Binyelum said, “Quiet night.”
A massive pillar of white light erupted to the north, deep into the suburbs, miles away but still clearly visible through the cloak. Everyone turned toward it. The light reached higher into the sky, wavered like a flame, and broke away from the ground. It dissipated in pieces. Fragments drifted upward, diminishing slowly before winking out.
Jhansi's stomach dropped.
She whispered, “Fuck.”
Binyelum grinned and said, “That’s more like it.”
Velocity shifted.
Binyelum noticed.
They said, “You know what that is?”
Velocity shrugged.
“Maybe.”
Binyelum nodded and turned back to the city.
They said, “This is strange. It's still early, but not that early. We're two hours in and the gangs aren't even acting out? Weird vibe.”
They looked toward the south, away from the river. They turned and looked east, back across the rooftop toward the ocean. They looked up at the moon.
They repeated, “Weird vibe.”
Maybe it had something to do with Jhansi’s presence?
Instead of sharing that thought, Jhansi offered, “I guess we can take the highway to Bridgemall after all?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“No. Everyone's still lying in wait. We’ll drive through the neighborhoods.”
Jhansi looked northwest, toward a larger grouping of red nebulites.
“Won’t everyone be getting restless? What if they start moving into the neighborhoods?”
Binyelum gave her an appraising look.
“Huh. Look at you.”
Jhansi blushed.
Binyelum continued.
“Good observation. That's probably what comes next. Let's get back to Mambele and head to Bridgemall before we get caught up in it.”
They gave the city one last look, then turned back toward the stairwell.
Jhansi said, “Am I supposed to go first?”
Binyelum paused and cupped their chin.
“Yeah. Same order we came out. Oren, you pass Sebastian’s barbell down to him.”
Oren nodded.
Sebastian said, “Eager to get your hands back on my rod?”
Velocity barked a laugh.
Oren said, “Yeah, it's a lot lighter than it looks.”
Velocity frowned.
“Sorry, Oren, but Sebastian wins the point.”
Oren said, “Pej!”
Binyelum turned, smiling.
“We’re keeping score?”
Sebastian pressed his lips into a tight, awkward smile and gave an ironic thumbs up.
“Something my mom can be proud of!”
Oren said, “Your mom’s proud of your lightweight rod?”
Sebastian grinned.
“No, your mom’s proud of my lightweight rod.”
Velocity said, “Another point for Sebastian.”
Oren shouted, “Pejudo!”
Jhansi said, “Okay, what the fuck does that mean?”
Binyelum said, “It means we have to get going. C’mon.”
They waved Jhansi along. She rolled her eyes, but didn’t protest. Sebastian handed his barbell to Oren, waggled his eyebrows, and fell in behind Jhansi. Binyelum handed the lighter to Sebastian. Sebastian flicked it on.
Jhansi stepped up to the open doorway.
“Okay, Binyelum would you–”
She paused. Something about the space inside looked strange. She dropped to her knees and peered further.
“Oh shit.”
Sebastian held out the lighter and leaned over Jhansi.
He echoed, “Oh shit.”
Binyelum asked, “What?”
Jhansi said, “It's gone.”
The empty stairwell stared back at her. Only the pool of cooling blood suggested that anything had happened. The lighter’s flame played across the smooth surface.
Jhansi turned around to find Binyelum smirking.
They said, “Of course.”
They looked around the rooftop, still smirking.
“Maybe they're out here, lurking in the shadows, waiting to pounce–”
They paused for dramatic effect, then raised both hands like claws.
“–on the weakest one of us!”
Jhansi whipped her head around, scanning her surroundings.
Velocity laughed.
“Way to give yourself away, princess.”
Jhansi glowered at them.
Binyelum nodded.
“The monster would go after the princess.”
Jhansi groaned.
“I thought I was a tryhardling?”
Binyelum grinned.
“New rank. Princess tryhardling.”
“What?!”
Sebastian said, “Can we marry her off to a rival kingdom?”
Jhansi glared at him.
Binyelum said, “Let's hope we don't have to. That’ll probably be when she awakens her hidden gift. And then she’ll come back for revenge.”
Hidden gift?
Jhansi said, “You think I have a hidden gift?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“We’ll see.”
They took the lighter from Sebastian, pushed past Jhansi, and peered into the stairwell.
“Damn. Didn't leave a trail behind or anything.”
They pulled back and stood thinking.
Jhansi said, “How did it move?”
Binyelum looked at her.
“Probably like a clam or something.”
Jhansi blinked.
“Clams can move?”
Binyelum snorted.
“Oh my God, Jhansi.”
“What?!”
Jhansi threw up her hands.
“I don't know!”
Binyelum snickered and shook their head.
“Okay. I'm gonna go first. Nancy, watch my back. If it doesn't go for the jump scare, Velocity, you come down next. Then Sebastian, Jhansi, Oren, and Nancy.”
Everyone nodded.
Binyelum gestured at Sebastian, who handed the lighter to Nancy. Nancy walked Binyelum to the ladder. Binyelum clambered partway down the ladder, winked at everyone, and lowered themselves further.
Sebastian said dryly, “And they were never heard from again.”
Nancy leaned forward, holding out the light. Nothing moved in the darkness except Binyelum’s shadow. Binyelum reached the landing, dodged around the pool of blood, and checked the door to the thirteenth floor. It didn't budge. They shrugged to themselves, then gave Nancy a thumbs up.
Velocity punched Sebastian in the arm, then climbed down. Sebastian made a face behind their back, then followed. Oren mimed walking to the edge of the roof and throwing off Sebastian’s barbell. Jhansi giggled. She stepped aside to make room for Oren to lower the barbell down to Sebastian.
Sebastian called, “Such a delicate touch, just the way I like it.”
Oren replied, “Yeah, I didn't think you could handle any more than that.”
Jhansi mounted the ladder.
Velocity said, “Oren’s point. You really walked straight into that one, Seb.”
Sebastian said, “I prefer Bastion, thank you.”
Jhansi's feet touched the landing.
Binyelum said, “Act like a bastion and you’ll earn the title.”
Sebastian sputtered.
Jhansi turned and said, “C’mon, Sebastian. If I can earn my title, so can you.”
Binyelum clicked their teeth.
Sebastian scoffed.
Oren laughed as he climbed down the ladder. The Asterlings filed partway down the stairs, to make room on the landing. Jhansi stepped around the blood. She couldn't stop herself from stealing a nervous glance up at the spot in the corner where the alterling had lurked. Oren noticed, but stayed quiet.
Nancy kept an eye on the rooftop as she handed the lighter down to Oren, then quickly followed. Oren passed the lighter along to Velocity. Jhansi didn't get to touch it.
The Asterlings took the stairs at a measured pace. Binyelum looked relaxed, but they turned quickly at each switchback, and Jhansi saw the way their eyes scanned every set of stairs. The feeling of human proximity had followed the Asterlings upward, but this new tension hummed louder. What would they even do if they ran into an alterling, or a group of endlings, in such a small space? Binyelum probably had a plan, something involving mechanics Jhansi didn't even understand yet, but that didn't instill much comfort.
Jhansi tried and failed to disperse the images that coalesced in her interior space. She pictured a dozen of those barbed tendrils whipping toward Binyelum from somewhere out of sight, too fast for any reaction, curling around their limbs and pulling them down into darkness. The Asterlings would run to catch up, but no swiftness would matter. They’d find Binyelum suspended in air, arms and legs spread wide, neck held in a vicelike grip. Hungry thorns would split and peel their flesh, pumping the exposed muscle full of poison. Binyelum’s body would seize and convulse. Foam would bubble up from their open wounds and spew from their mouth. The tendril gripping their neck would squeeze and twist and pull, separating their head from their shoulders, their neck bursting in a shower of blood, the gleaming white of their broken spine reflected in their empty eyes.
Jhansi stumbled. She banged her other elbow on the ground floor fire extinguisher case. Her preoccupation had nullified her expectations of ever reaching safety. For a second it had felt like they’d spend the entire night descending those stairs.
Binyelum moved into the lobby. The Asterlings followed. Binyelum didn't put out the lighter. The small flame couldn't quite penetrate the cloak far enough to illuminate the ceiling, or anything beyond the row of elevators. Mambele's headlights cut through the cloak and beamed in through the entryway. A wave of relief washed over Jhansi.
Binyelum gestured the Asterlings outside. They kept watch on the lobby, holding the lighter high as everyone took a turn crossing over the broken door. Jhansi stepped light and quick, keeping her eyes focused on Mambele. The plunge into the open night again brought a wave of relief.
Jhansi turned as Binyelum emerged from the building. She looked up at the tower’s roof, some two-hundred feet overhead. From down here, she couldn't see shit.
Jhansi said, “Should we leave a warning or something?”
Binyelum looked at her with an indecipherable expression.
Sebastian said, “What, like, cut off their limbs?”
Jhansi shrugged.
“No? Yes? Maybe?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“That's not how this works, tryhardling.”
“What?”
Jhansi frowned.
“What do you mean? You’re just going to let some other kids get fucking eaten?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“Maybe. Maybe the alterling will starve and die if we interfere.”
“What?”
Jhansi’s frown shifted with her confusion.
“Starve? I thought you said alterlings eat memory cards to change their bodies.”
Binyelum shrugged again.
“That’s part of it. Sometimes you end up taking on a shape that requires upkeep.”
Jhansi considered this.
Her frown remained.
“Okay but why do you care?”
Binyelum narrowed their eyes.
“Because it’s more fun.”
“What?”
A beacon of static blinked awake near the bottom of Jhansi’s interior space.
“Please, Binyelum, tell me how it’s fun to watch kids get eaten.”
Binyelum’s mouth tightened.
“That’s not what’s fun, Jhansi.”
The beacon of static chimed, the crackle rippling outward.
“Then why aren’t you trying to stop it? I thought that was the whole point. To save the kids.”
Binyelum pinched the bridge of their nose.
“How many times do I have to tell you, Jhansi? That’s not how this works.”
The beacon chimed again, louder, the crackle bursting and scattering against the wall of Jhansi’s interior space.
“Then how does it work, Binyelum?”
Binyelum threw up their hands.
They huffed, “It works however you want it to work.”
The beacon fizzled.
Jhansi blinked.
“What?”
Binyelum gestured around.
“It’s just a world with rules. You can play however you want.”
The beacon hummed, but didn’t ring out.
“And how exactly do you want to play?”
Binyelum looked directly into Jhansi’s eyes.
“I want to have fun.”
The beacon chimed faintly.
Jhansi said slowly, “How is it fun watching kids die?”
Binyelum sighed.
“It’s fun playing a hard game. It’s fun to watch people make choices. It’s fun to see the shape of the consequences. It’s fun to just let it happen, organically. I want to participate, to hurt and be hurt. I don’t want to control the game or shape the outcome. I just want to play.”
Jhansi blinked.
The beacon crumbled.
Jhansi looked away, at the ground, then again toward the roof of the tower.
She’d never know what that special one’s face had looked like.
Jhansi whispered, “I just want to save people.”
Bineylum sighed again.
“You can’t save people, Jhansi.”
Jhansi looked at them.
“We’ll see.”
Binyelum smirked.
“We sure will, tryhardling.”
A metallic bang pulled Jhansi’s attention. She turned toward the sound. Nancy and Velocity stood on opposite sides of Mambele’s trunk, with Velocity bent double and groaning.
“Fuck!”
Nancy wore a barely perceptible expression of satisfaction. She rolled her shoulders. Oren patted Velocity on the back.
Binyelum said, “You thought it would end different this time?”
Velocity shouted, “Ugh!”
Binyelum shook their head.
“Did you at least try a different approach?”
Velocity repeated, “Ugh.”
Jhansi asked, “What?”
Binyelum answered, “Arm wrestling.”
Ah. That explained how Velocity had ended up in the back seat instead of riding shotgun.
Velocity righted themselves and said, “Well, whatever. I still want to reroll for the back seat.”
Binyelum smirked.
“No longer interested in being our princess’s throne?”
Binyelum stole a glance at Jhansi.
They added, “Some people would consider that an honor.”
Jhansi blushed.
Sebastian raised both hands.
“Don’t include me. I’m not trying to disrupt the hierarchy.”
Binyelum gave them a look, then turned to Oren.
“How about it? Wanna step into the arena?”
Oren shrugged.
“Might as well.”
Binyelum chuckled.
“Hardly what I’d call competitive spirit, but good enough.”
They cupped their chin.
“Let’s see.”
Their voice trailed off. They looked around the parking lot. Their gaze landed on Jhansi.
“Jhansi!”
Jhansi cocked her head.
“Yes?”
“Think of a color. Whoever guesses closest will be your new throne.”
Velocity said, “Ah, so the aim is to lose.”
Jhansi pouted, “Hey! I can’t be a judge, I want to play! I want to sit by myself.”
Binyelum giggled.
“You’re renouncing your title, princess?”
Jhansi nodded emphatically.
“Yes, obviously.”
Binyelum repeated, “Obviously.”
They added, “Unfortunately, that won’t work. Abdication is forbidden. If you want a different title, you have to earn it.”
“Fuck!”
“Now, pick a color.”
Jhansi crossed her arms and huffed. She looked around the parking lot. Her lips curved into an ironic smile. She could choose black, pretty much the only color she could see. But that didn’t sound like fun. She let her hands fall to her sides and looked up into the sky. She could choose her favorite color, a dark and dusty purple. But she didn’t want to give herself away like that. She looked down at Binyelum. Perfect.
“I’m ready.”
Sebastian said, “How will you know she’s not cheating?”
Jhansi furrowed her brows.
“How would I cheat?”
Binyelum laughed.
“Do you really think our princess is a cheater?”
Sebastian shrugged.
“I’m just saying, she’s hard to trust.”
Binyelum smiled and shook their head.
“She is.”
Jhansi pouted, “Hey!”
Bineylum turned to Oren with a sweeping gesture.
“The halfhearted hero steps into the ring!”
Oren blinked.
“What? Me?”
Binyelum repeated their gesture.
“Yes!”
Oren made a face.
“What do you mean halfhearted?”
Binyelum smirked, expanding their gesture to include both hands.
“Convince me otherwise.”
Oren rolled his eyes.
“Ugh.”
He lept backward into a pose. He waved both hands in midair, as though pulling energy from somewhere. He paused, inhaled, and thrust both hands forward, palms open wide.
“Mint green!”
Jhansi blinked.
Binyelum applauded.
“That’s more like it!”
They pulled both arms behind their back and leaned toward Velocity.
“And what say you, charismatic challenger?”
Velocity chuckled.
“Charismatic, huh?”
Binyelum replied dryly, “C’mon, we’re pressed for time.”
Velocity barked a laugh.
They threw their arm out straight, pointing their bat directly at Jhansi’s face. The rush of air sent Jhansi’s hair fluttering. She stared cross-eyed at the barrel of the makeshift weapon.
Velocity yelled, “Dark blue!”
Jhansi blinked again.
She said, “Wow.”
She looked at Binyelum.
“Velocity wins.”
Velocity shouted, “Shit!”
They wrapped both hands around the handle of their bat and smacked it against the asphalt, sending a metallic chime out into the night.
Jhansi shook her head.
“No, I mean. Wait.”
She stiffened, made as austere an expression as she could manage, and pointed directly at Velocity.
“You–”
She raised both hands and looked skyward.
“–were perfectly wrong!”
She contorted her face into a mask of fury, brought her arms back down by her sides, and glared at Velocity.
“The duty of administering judgment during the Sacred Rite of Chromatic Divination has been the birthright of my clan for centuries, and never in the recorded history of my people have we encountered an answer as wrong as yours!”
She looked back at Binyelum.
“Velocity is, unequivocally, the loser.”
Binyelum clapped.
“Marvelous! Oren, enter the vehicle and assume your place as our princess’s throne.”
Oren shrugged.
“Fine by me.”
He turned to Jhansi.
“What was the color?”
Jhansi grinned.
“Bright orange.”
Velocity snorted.
“Obviously.”
Oren ran a hand through his hair and looked at Jhansi with a knowing smile.
“I never would have guessed.”
Binyelum grinned.
Oren popped the trunk, but Binyelum shook their head.
They said, “We should just keep our stuff with us going forward.”
Sebastian raised their barbell.
“You want my rod flailing around in the back seat?”
Binyelum laughed.
“Good point. Nobody wants that. Pack that shit away.”
Sebastian stuck out his tongue.
“Pack it into your mom.”
Binyelum waggled a finger.
“AI–”
Sebastian cut in.
“–construct, yeah yeah, I know.”
Sebastian shut his barbell in the trunk. Sebastian, Velocity, and Oren filed into the back seat. Nancy rode shotgun. Jhansi ducked partway into the vehicle, then turned, taking one last look at the Washington Center Tower. She stepped back onto the asphalt and sprinted around to the passenger’s side door.
Binyelum groaned, “What now?”
Jhansi shouted, “Hang on!”
She turned to Nancy.
“Hey, um, sorry. Can you, er, scootch your knees?”
Nancy blinked at Jhansi, then pulled her knees up toward her chest.
Jhansi said, “Thanks.”
She leaned forward and popped open the glove compartment.
Binyelum laughed.
“Hey! My privacy!”
Jhansi called back, “A princess has a right to her subjects’ privacy!”
She found a pile of envelopes, which she supposed would suffice, but she’d hoped to find something more aesthetic.
Binyelum said, “I had no idea I’d be crowning such a tyrant.”
Jhansi found an automotive manual beneath the envelopes, which suited her better, but Binyelum might get upset if she started ripping out pages.
Jhansi replied, “Yeah? Have I earned a new title? Tyrant tryhardling?”
The corner of a pack of playing cards peeked up at Jhansi from the very bottom of the glove compartment.
Perfect.
She snatched it up and righted herself, looking over Mambele's roof at Binyelum.
“Do you have a pen?”
Binyelum’s face fell.
“Jhansi–”
Jhansi interrupted.
“I’m not leaving a warning, okay. I'm just doing my own thing. I'm playing the way I want.”
Binyelum searched her face for a long moment.
At last they said, “Passenger’s side door pocket.”
Jhansi looked down. Folded stacks of maintenance receipts overflowed from the small crevasse. She plunged her hand into the mess and pulled out a red Sharpie.
“Red.”
It would do.
She opened the pack of cards and pulled one free. The two of hearts. She set it on Mambele's hood and scrawled a message across its face.
I BELIEVE IN YOU
She added little stars here and there, for kicks. They didn't stand out much against the red of the card, but it didn't matter. She had made the message legible.
Binyelum said, “Hey, those are mine!”
Jhansi looked up.
“Are we really gonna have time to play cards tonight?”
Binyelum said, in a tone of mock neutrality, “What if we need to play a game to resolve a disagreement?”
Jhansi raised her eyebrows.
“Binyelum, you’re great at thinking up games.”
Binyelum blinked.
After a moment they said, “Well. Hurry up.”
“Right.”
Jhansi placed the pack of cards and the Sharpie in her canvas bag. Staccato footsteps followed her back to the shattered door. The attentive gazes of the Asterlings warmed the back of her head. She examined the shape of the spray of glass, knelt near the center, and delicately lifted a larger piece. Her middle finger lit up with a bright moment of pain. A thin line of red appeared.
Fucking great.
Jhansi placed the card face up on the ground and weighed it down with the piece of glass. The message appeared distorted, the words blurred and refracted. She stared at it for a moment.
She whispered, “I hope this helps.”
Binyelum called, “C’mon!”
Jhansi stood and hurried back to Mambele. Her skin tingled with goosebumps as she ducked inside, welcomed without question into an embrace of sound and color. She began to understand what Oren had meant about Mambele's capacity to alleviate the mental strain of the netherlume shift.
Jhansi sat in Oren’s lap. It felt so different from Velocity's, in ways she found hard to describe. Why hadn't she expected that?
Oren said, “Welcome aboard.”
Jhansi blushed.
She pushed through, raised her nose, and sniffed.
“A suitable palanquin.”
Oren replied, “If I was your palanquin, wouldn't somebody have to carry me?”
Jhansi shook her head.
“Crab walk.”
Binyelum lowered themselves into Mambele and closed the driver's side door. The hood light switched off. The shifter glowed. It had changed again, into an angled, trapezoidal plane, the face of it marked by hundreds of square silicone buttons. A CRT screen filled the top space of the plane, displaying only a blinking green light in its center. Binyelum squeezed the clutch trigger on the steering wheel and pressed a dozen or so buttons in a quick sequence. The green light jumped downward on the display. A purple targeting reticle, rendered as a square with two cross lines, closed in on the green light. Binyelum turned the wheel as Mambele reversed, and the green light pulled to the side. Binyelum squeezed the clutch and pressed a different, shorter sequence of buttons. The green light jumped up toward the top of the display, and the targeting reticle followed. Mambele pulled out of the parking lot. The Washington Center receded into the cloak.
Sebastian said something, but Jhansi didn't pay attention. Relief peaked inside her, but only for a moment. A massive wave of exhaustion followed, crashing through her interior space. The walls of Mambele's cabin separated her from an overwhelming oppression, a feeling that had congealed without her noticing. When had it started? She looked back through her memories. The lobby, the stairwell, those felt like places she had seen on TV, somewhere she had watched an avatar move through, not a part of the world she had seen for herself. The anxious walk up the stairs felt just as real as her intrusive thoughts about Binyelum's death.
The alterling felt real. And the body. She could picture their shapes perfectly. The thick membranes of the monster’s numerous mouths, pulsing as the thing fed. The dangling limbs of the dead body, swaying idly as the thing swallowed more of its meal. The poisonous, hooked barbs on all those tendrils, tearing into Jhansi’s flesh, paring away the meat of her body to–
No, that hadn’t happened.
Why wouldn’t her mind stop doing this?
She looked around at the other teenagers.
Velocity said, “–sucked her fuckin’ dick!”
Jhansi blinked.
Binyelum said in a satin tone, “For fun or for profit?”
Jhansi blinked again.
Oren said something too, but she didn’t pay attention.
What the fuck?
Everyone seemed so normal.
Well, of fucking course they did. They had gone through shit like this before. Maybe hundreds of times. The alterling and the dead body hadn’t phased them at all.
Sebastian caught Jhansi staring at him. She blinked, then quickly turned to look out the driver’s side window. A cottage-style home illuminated by a single yellow exterior nebulite passed by in a blur.
Could she rejoin the conversation? Probably not without having Sebastian call her out. Something began to throb steadily near the center of her interior space. She could hardly distinguish it from anything else going on in there.
Jhansi looked toward Binyelum. Bright green nebulites pulled her attention toward the passenger’s side, glowing from behind the windows of a boxy, contemporary home. They receded quickly into the cloak as Mambele sped on.
Jhansi sighed. Prem’s face coalesced against her will. What would he have to say about his awkward, unlikeable sister?
“Jhansi, you can't make everyone like you. Just be happy with who you are.”
A single spike of static stabbed into Jhansi's interior space. Fuck him, treating her like a child. Of course not everyone would like her. She didn't want everyone to like her. She knew that. She just wanted to feel welcomed. Or even allowed. But what could she do to cross that divide? The Asterlings already didn't trust her, not really. Binyelum had confirmed it again, barely five minutes ago. If she put more of her weird, awful personality on display, how would that help?
It wouldn't.
What a pathetic fucking loser.
Mambele rushed through a roundabout illuminated by blue nebulites, where two blue endlings wearing black uniforms hunched on all fours and tore into the meat of a body with their massive teeth. Orange blood coated the scene. Jhansi jostled against the window as Mambele went around the curve.
Binyelum said, “Alright, we’re getting close.”
Jhansi blinked.
Oh holy shit.
Right.
Binyelum continued.
“Hard to say what it’s gonna be like in there. If they’re still around, we’ll need to get in and out as quick as possible. If they’re gone, we have to figure out where they went.”
Fuck.
That dangling corpse appeared again in Jhansi’s mind.
She hoped that the endlings had left.
“It looked like there wasn’t anyone around stronger than the green endling. Can anybody confirm that they saw something stronger?”
Nobody spoke.
“Cool. Did anybody see any guards posted?”
Nobody spoke.
Binyelum stayed quiet for an extra second.
“Hm. I don’t like that. There still might be guards. I’m gonna turn the headlights off once we’re closer.”
Sebastian said, “And not fucking crash?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“I can see the road. I remember the turns. Anyway, everyone here is familiar with Bridgemall, right?”
Nobody disagreed.
“Cool. If they've stationed guards, they’ll probably be near the entrance to the parking lot, on top of those two parking structures, and outside the entryway to the mall itself. And there’ll probably be a couple patrols.”
The long, flat plane of a parking lot preceded both the mall’s north and south entryways. Two four-story parking structures flanked both lots. Jhansi had only a single memory of her parents parking at the top of one of those structures, but she remembered perfectly the view of the sparkling blue ribbon of water slowly passing beneath the mall’s shadow.
“If we were coming from the north we could probably park in the trees on that big median, but I’m not gonna cross the river. Unless anyone has any better ideas, I’m gonna park on the curb next to the drainage ditch between the avenue and the parking lot.”
Nobody spoke.
“Cool. We're not really built for stealth kills, so let's focus on getting in clean.”
Oren said, “Maybe we could lure the green endling out into the parking lot?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“That's not a bad idea, but they’d probably just send out the lower ranks. We’d have to kill all of them.”
They paused, then added, “We probably could, but, I’d rather not risk it if we don't have to.”
Oren shrugged.
Binyelum continued.
“We’ll probably have to kill the guards right at the entrance. Nancy and I will take point on that. Sebastian, you stay further back with Velocity and heal us if we need it. Oren, don't use your gift unless you absolutely have to.”
Oren said, “Yeah, I got it.”
Jhansi said, “What about me?”
Bineylum chided, “Hang on, princess.”
They continued.
“All I saw in my memory were endlings posted in the food court. Can anybody confirm that they saw endlings posted elsewhere in the mall?”
Nobody spoke.
“Ugh. Okay. That still doesn’t mean anything, but maybe we’ll get lucky. Once we’re inside, we’ll head straight for the food court. From there we’ll probably have to fight through the ranks. And stick together. When we’re close enough, Velocity will share their gift with Oren and send Nancy and I up to the green endling. I’ll share my gift with Nancy and take that fucker out, one shot. If we get hurt, Sebastian, you and Velocity make sure we’re healed. The endlings will probably panic a bit, that should give us a head start on an escape.”
Jhansi blinked.
She hardly understood any of that, but it sounded really cool.
Binyelum turned a knob on the dashboard and Mambele’s headlights flicked off. The cloak enveloped the sedan almost entirely. Jhansi could barely see a meter beyond the windshield. Binyelum didn’t slow down.
Jhansi swallowed.
She repeated, “What about me?”
Binyelum nodded.
“Right. Jhansi, your job is to retrieve as many memory cards as possible.”
They paused, then asked, “How many shares do you all have?”
Everyone replied at once.
“Twelve!”
“Five.”
“Six.”
Nancy held up one finger.
Binyelum chuckled.
“Let’s try that again. Oren, how many shares do you have?”
“Six.”
“Velocity?”
“Twelve.”
“Nice. Sebastian?”
“Five.”
“Cool. And I’ve got two.”
They paused for a second.
“So, Jhansi. Remember. Focus on collecting memory cards. Nancy and I will be out front; that's way too dangerous for you. Keep near Oren, Velocity, and Sebastian. Don't fall too far behind. As soon as an endling goes down, grab its memory card. Hold onto it. That was really good thinking, grabbing that bag. Whenever someone’s in need, take care of ‘em. If you can keep track of which memory cards came from which endlings, that would be great. It’s impossible to tell how many shares anyone will gain from a memory card, but memory cards from stronger endlings will always impart more shares. Prioritize Sebastian, and then Oren and Velocity. If you can keep track of how many shares everyone has at any given moment, that would be phenomenal, but also, our masks will dim when we’re out of shares, so you can always look out for that. Also, Velocity’s gift will use one of their own shares, along with a share of the recipient’s.”
Jhansi’s head spun.
Bineylum asked, “Did you get all that?”
Maybe Sebastian really had known better. Maybe she should just stay behind with Mambele. How would it feel, watching the Asterlings walk off into the cloak together without her?
Jhansi said, “I got it.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Good girl.”
Jhansi blushed.
She pushed through it and asked, “What about the new-game-plus?”
Binyelum paused.
“I don’t really think you’ll have time for that. But–”
They paused again.
“–if you collect six memory cards, you can start new-game-plus’ing. And–”
They paused one more time.
“–you’ll get a new title.”
Jhansi beamed.
“Oh fuck yeah! The princess takes the throne.”
Bineylum said softly, “We’ll see.”
They paused, then added, “We’re here.”
Wait.
Holy fuck.
Holy shit.
Holy fucking shit.
Binyelum pulled Mambele to the right. Jhansi bounced in Oren's lap as they mounted the curb. Binyelum squeezed the clutch and tapped several buttons on the shifter display, putting Mambele in park. They turned off the ignition and pocketed the key. The sound of bells ceased.
Binyelum said, “Here we go,” in a tone Jhansi couldn’t understand.
They opened the door, and popped the trunk, and popped the seat forward for Jhansi. Nancy got out, then popped the seat forward for Sebastian. Sebastian pushed himself out, and Velocity followed. They left the door open.
Oren looked up at Jhansi, smiled, and said, “C’mon, princess.”
Jhansi blinked.
She stood and stepped into the dark night.
A cold breeze pressed against her, blowing at her skirt. It hadn’t felt like this earlier. Even on top of the Washington Square Tower. Maybe an effect of their proximity to the river?
Oren exited Mambele and left the door open.
Sebastian retrieved his barbell and left the trunk open.
Jhansi looked around. She couldn’t see shit. She clutched the fire extinguisher to her chest, then realized what she’d done a moment later and awkwardly thrust her arms down by her sides.
Binyelum motioned for everyone to follow. They crouched. Jhansi couldn’t imagine why. Who the hell could possibly see them? Everyone else crouched, and they probably knew better than she did, so she crouched too.
The Asterlings headed down into the grassy drainage ditch. Jhansi had a hard time staying upright on the incline, which she had not expected. The ditch didn’t hold any running water, but the mud at the bottom sucked at Jhansi’s flats. She had to use her hands to support herself on the way back up, and to keep the fire extinguisher from banging against any rocks.
Binyelum reached the crest first and motioned for everyone to stay still. They looked around, then waved for everyone to follow. Jhansi clambered upward.
A dozen meters later they reached the asphalt of the parking lot. A grey ribbon of concrete cut the space between. They passed onto the asphalt without a sound.
The emerald green glow of nebulities began to swell in Jhansi’s vision. She had guessed right. After another moment the vague silhouette of the twin parking structures appeared, rendered in faint green.
Binyelum paused, and it almost looked like one of the ears on their headband twitched.
“Something’s not right.”
Jhansi’s stomach dropped.
Binyelum began moving quicker. Everyone kept up. Jhansi stood slightly out of her crouch as she ran.
They reached the parking structure and crouched back down against the low wall. Binyelum peered over it, into the structure. They shrugged, then hurried along the length of the wall to the west. Everyone followed. They paused at the corner, leaned around it, and swore.
“Pej.”
They leapt up, looked around once, and pelted forward.
Everyone followed.
Jhansi saw why.
Two mounds of pink meat sat on either side of the wide entryway. They oozed piles of white stuff. Splashes of orange blood dripped from the stone walls and glass entryway doors, running in trickles down the front stairway.
Jhansi noticed the color of the fabric mixed in with all the meat.
Slate gray.
Bineyum paused in front of the rightmost mound. They examined it briefly, then looked at the Asterlings. They turned and looked into the dark green interior of Bridgemall.
They said, “They’re fighting in there.”
Jhansi asked, “Who?”
Binyelum looked back at her.
“Endlings.”
Jhansi looked at the mound. The curves of a split rib cage thrust out of the viscera. Teeth gleamed, protruding from a large, broken lower jaw. White stuff bubbled from between strands of pink muscle. A gooey, smashed eyeball stared at Jhansi.
Binyelum turned back toward the entryway and took a single step.
Sebastian said, “Shouldn’t we just wait until they kill each other?”
Binyelum nodded.
“Yeah, but we should also watch. If the green endling dies and these other guys offer up that memory card, we’re fucked.”
Sebastian nodded reluctantly.
Binyelum stepped forward and everyone followed. The entryway doors swung a little too easily. So did the vestibule doors beyond.
Inhuman screams of distant violence met their ears.
Binyelum directed the Asterlings toward and along the left wall. They ran, not at a full sprint, but close. The soles of their shoes clacked against the ceramic floor. The sound echoed, hopefully not loud enough to alert the endlings.
They passed an Auntie Anne’s Pretzels on the left. Then an optometrist’s office. Then a Zumiez. An escalator leading up to the second floor mezzanine passed by on the right.
Jhansi panted, “Does this have to do with that eviscerated endling on the roundabout?”
Bineylum glanced back over their shoulder at her.
They looked upset.
“What eviscerated endling?”
Jhansi blinked.
“The one on the roundabout.”
Binyelum didn’t reply. Jhansi’s chest tightened. She glanced at the other Asterlings. Everyone looked upset. The sounds of violence grew louder.
At last Binyelum said, “I didn’t see an eviscerated endling on the roundabout.”
Jhansi said, “Oh.”
Binyelum glanced at her again.
“Why didn’t you say something?”
A whiplash of static rang through Jhansi’s interior space.
“I thought you saw.”
“I didn’t.”
The static again.
Sebastian said, “I don’t trust her.”
Jhansi said, “What?”
Velocity said, “You still think princess is a bad guy?”
The vague, distant forms of bodies in combat solidified into individual shapes, adding flashes of light and shadow to the increasingly sonorous bloodshed.
Jhansi said, “Wait, what bad thing did I do now?”
Oren explained, “You could be leading us into a trap.”
The static again.
Jhansi groaned, “Why do you think I would do that?”
Oren said, “I don’t.”
Sebastian said, “Why wouldn’t you?”
The static again.
Jhansi said, “How could I do that?”
Sebastian said, “Because you’re really weird.”
Oh for fuck’s sake.
Binyelum said, “Shut up.”
The incline of another escalator loomed. Binyelum directed the Asterlings beneath it. Oren, Velocity, and Nancy peered out around one edge. Binyelum, Sebastian, and Jhansi peered out from around the other.
Jhansi looked at Binyelum.
“I’m sorry.”
Binyelum didn’t look back at her.
“I said shut up.” 
Beyond the escalator, the glass shelf of the second floor food court hovered gem-like in the green nebulite. Atop it and beneath it, monsters fought each other to the death. Blue and red endlings in slate gray and black uniforms lunged at each other, cleaving away flesh, snapping off body parts, showering the gloom with orange blood and white stuff. Dead bodies lay about, suspended on sparkling glass a hundred meters above the river’s dark water.
In the center of the second floor glass shelf a purple endling in a black uniform dueled a green endling in a slate gray uniform. Shining glass distorted their movements. The other endlings kept their distance.
The green endling circled. The mouth on its stomach opened wide, teeth and tusks pistoning apart. It roared, the shriek primal in a way Jhansi couldn’t describe, reaching a pitch that set her heart racing. Instead of a head, a long, prehensile appendage grew from the monster’s neck, tipped at the end with a curved, gleaming claw. It whipped and snapped with menace at the air. The endling’s jaws slammed shut. The eyes on the monster’s chest flashed, pupils like pin pricks. It huffed through flared nostrils.
The purple endling stood unmoving. The eyes on its chest narrowed. The vertical line of its mouth gaped, splitting the monster’s abdomen from stomach to neck, widening the space between its eyes. A long, bright red tongue lolled out, almost like a taunt. In place of arms, two tusked mouths hung perpetually open, grinning, extruding bundles of flagella that dragged along the floor. Thin barbs glistened at the end of each individual appendage. Two pointed plates jutted in parallel from the monster’s collarbone, and more plates trailed down to the small of its back, diminishing in size and converging.
Binyelum’s eyes narrowed as they watched the scene.
“Hm.”
The green endling rushed. The purple endling reared back, braced itself, and threw both arm-bundles forward. The green endling smashed its hands into the glass floor and launched itself to the left, flicking its prehensile clawed appendage neatly downward. The purple endling screamed. Orange blood sprayed. Severed flagella tumbled to the floor. The purple endling planted both feet, raised its left arm-bundle, and brought the mass of it down. The green endling had just enough time to balance itself and take a heavy step forward before the cascade of barbed flagella made contact.
Binyelum said, “Fuck.”
The green endling crashed supine against the floor. The purple flagella writhed as they wrapped around the green endling’s body. They tensed, trying to keep the monster pinned down. The purple endling grinned, the lips around its vertical mouth curling outward, and stepped forward. It raised its other arm-bundle. Orange blood dripped from the several severed appendages. The bundle twisted around itself, the barbed ends coalescing, pointing down toward the monster's trapped prey.
Binyelum repeated, “Oh fuck,” this time with anticipation.
They hissed, “Get it!”
Before the purple endling could strike, the green endling struck out with its clawed appendage, straight through the opening in its opponent’s defenses, at the same time grabbing and pulling with its left hand at the flagella holding it down. Several flagella snapped off beneath the claws’ razor edges. The purple endling stumbled, howling. The soaring claw found its mark, piercing deep between those pointed plates. The purple endling's interrupted attack struck against the glass with a ringing impact. The monster toppled onto its opponent.
Binyelum again repeated, “Oh fuck,” now with genuine glee.
The two combatants devolved into a blur of glittering claws and teeth. Jhansi couldn't distinguish between their screams. Orange blood fountained as the green endling tore and bit, chewing through strands of purple flesh. Its clawed appendage flailed above the whirlwind, stabbing downward recklessly, ricocheting off those pointed plates just as often as it struck true. The purple endling fought in kind, stabbing frantically with however many flagella it could, the tendrils of muscle billowing into the air before every strike.
Binyelum grinned, their eyes flashing.
“Holy fuck.”
A pool of blood spread outward from the interlocked monsters.
Red and blue endlings continued to obliterate each other around both floors of the food court.
Jhansi panted.
A cold darkness pushed her away from the world, into her interior. But her body felt hot. An eager heat pulled at her from somewhere.
A Voice said, I want that.
Jhansi said, What the fuck?
The Voice said, I want to be like that.
Jhansi reached for anything with spikes inside her. Static shards pierced her hand. She grabbed tight and lashed out, striking wildly at her interior space.
Jhansi screamed, No I don't!
The claw at the end of the green endling's prehensile appendage trailed white afterimages. The claw found purchase in the purple endling’s right eye and pushed in deep. Killcolors flashed. A low, rumbling killchime signaled the end.
Binyelum beamed.
“They fucking did it!”
The green endling kicked at the slumped purple corpse, shoving it onto the floor, and pushed itself to its feet. It loomed over its opponent, opened its jaws, and screamed. Its clawed appendage whipped through the air, trailing orange blood, before stabbing down into the body again, then again. White stuff squeezed out from the gashes.
Binyelum said, “That's our cue.”
Oren said, “Oh shit,” and pointed out into the food court.
Three masked teenagers pelted straight toward the escalators at the other end of the passage. One wore a full face diver’s mask and carried a spear-headed shovel; another wore a surgical mask and carried a chef’s knife; the last wore a conical knight’s helm and carried a sledgehammer. They maintained a tight formation.
Binyelum cursed, “Pejudo!”
They ran.
“C’mon. Escalator. Up.”
Nancy rushed out behind them. Oren followed, then Velocity. Sebastian scowled at Jhansi.
“You first.”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
She hurried ahead of Sebastian. Something changed when she stepped beyond the safety of the escalator. The proximity of the carnage screamed at her senses. She stopped, paralyzed after only a couple paces.
A red endling in a slate gray uniform reared back and kicked hard at the chest of a wounded blue endling in a black uniform. The blue endling toppled backward. The red endling followed through on the kick, stomping hard onto its opponent's stomach. It leaned down and screamed in the blue endling’s face. Light glinted off its claws. It grabbed the other’s head in both hands, digging every claw deep into the flesh of the blue endling’s neck, and pulled. Orange blood sprayed. The blue endling’s eyes rolled back. Its tongue lolled out. It gurgled blood. Killcolors flashed. The blue endling’s head separated from its body with a squelching crunch, its fractured spine sliding free as white stuff bubbled out.
Jhansi’s stomach turned.
Sebastian pushed her.
“C’mon!”
The red endling turned toward them.
“Come the fuck on, Jhansi.”
Jhansi didn’t need further encouragement. She turned and ran, nearly stumbling up the inert escalator steps. The fire extinguisher banged against her chest. She gripped it even tighter.
Sebastian shoved her up the steps, calling up to the others.
“Red guy coming!”
Binyelum had already reached the second floor landing. They looked back, stepping aside to make room for Nancy. Jhansi looked over her shoulder. Half the escalator stretched out beneath her. Sebastian’s eyes had never looked so wide. The red endling hurled forward, two short paces from the bottom of the escalator.
Sebastian yelled, “I can’t take him!”
Oren reached the landing. The red endling reached stepped onto the escalator. Binyelum grabbed Oren’s hand. Oren’s headphones pulsed, then dimmed. Binyelum disappeared. A screeching pinch harmonic exploded in Jhanis’s ears. A guitar cabinet appeared in midair behind the red endling. A distorted shockwave exploded from the cabinet. Binyelum reappeared, rocketing down toward the endling. The cab disappeared. The monster turned, its face a mask of fury. It raised a claw, reaching to strike, but too late. Binyelum’s machete sank in deep between the endling’s eyes. Killcolors flashed. Binyelum’s killchime sounded as they smashed into the endling’s body, knocking it back down onto the escalator.
Holy shit.
Binyelum stood and pulled their machete from the corpse. White stuff pumped from the wound. Binyelum knelt, deftly pushed their hand into the endling’s skull, and retrieved a memory card.
They looked up and said, “Keep moving.”
Across the food court, two blue endlings in black uniforms pursued the other teenagers up the escalator. Dr. Chef took up the rear, with Scuba Scooper ahead of them. They both paused and turned.
Dr. Chef lifted their surgeon’s mask, reaching their free hand out behind them. Scuba Scooper grabbed it. Their diver’s mask pulsed and dimmed. Dr. Chef retched. They vomited up a spray of turquoise light. It fountained out of their mouth, spreading through the air. Gravity began to take hold and the light froze, solidifying, holding its shape in midair, nebulite luminescence winking off the glowing, delicately angled edges.
Both blue endlings writhed in the substance, struggling to pull themselves free. The substance had caught the closer endling fully around the top of its torso and the bottom of its skull. The tips of its tusks peeked out. Could it breathe? Its manically wide eyes and desperate attempts to smash away the substance seemed to answer that question. The other endling had attempted to dodge away to the left, but the widening spray of the substance had caught it fully in the face and along its right shoulder. The stream had solidified before engulfing the endling, leaving its back exposed, but that didn't seem to matter, the monster still couldn't pull free.
All the teenagers threw themselves up their respective escalators.
Jhansi reached the landing, with Sebastian and Binyelum pushing past her. Binyelum handed over the memory card without a word. A shaft of static stabbed into Jhansi's interior space, momentarily pushing her toward the back, but adrenaline and terror pulled her forward. She stuffed the memory card into her canvas bag.
Across the food court, two red endlings–one in a slate gray uniform and one in a black uniform–circled from different directions toward the other group of teenagers.
Twenty feet away, two blue endlings in different colored uniforms swung wildly at each other.
The sound of Oren’s gift had pulled some attention, but not as much as Jhansi would have guessed. Fair, when distraction meant death. The green endling looked toward the Asterlings, then toward the other group of teenagers. It snarled, then screamed. It hunched forward, spread both claws, and stalked toward the other teens.
Bineylum yelled, “Fucking pejudo!”
They turned.
“Oren. Velocity. Get Nancy and me. Push us forward.”
Velocity looked once toward the other group of teenagers. They seemed to contemplate something. Jhansi couldn’t understand their expression at all.
They turned to Oren and grabbed his wrist. Oren looked toward Binyelum and Nancy. Velocity’s helmet pulsed and dimmed. Oren’s headphones, which had regained their intensity, did likewise. Oren’s eyes flashed a glaring lime green. Binyelum, Nancy, and the other group of teenagers lit up in the same color. All of them disappeared. A chorus of pinch harmonics filled the space. Guitar cabinets of different models appeared in midair behind each of the nearest blue endlings. Across the food court, three cabs appeared in midair behind the two red endlings closest to the other teens. Two of them appeared above the endling in the black uniform, the third above the other. Noise exploded as all five teenagers reappeared, rocketing down toward their targets.
Both blue endlings turned with arms swinging.
Binyelum held their machete with both hands and slashed at their target’s wide claws. The blade sank deep into the structure of the claws. The attack altered Bineylum’s momentum. They swung around the monster’s arm. Their back smashed into its chest. Both toppled to the ground. The endling heaved and barked.
It reached up with its free arm and brought it down, stabbing all its claws deep into Binyelum’s chest, puncturing their heart and killing them instantly.
Wait, what the fuck?
That didn’t happen.
Before the strike could land, Binyelum tilted their head and–still holding their machete with both hands, the blade still embedded in the endling’s claws and pointed downward–pulled their machete, flashing killcolors, down into their enemy’s throat.
Holy fucking shit.
A killchime sounded. Blood and stuff fountained. The endling’s strike landed against the hand stuck to the machete.
Binyelum pushed themselves up and took off running toward the green endling.
Nancy’s eyes bulged, her grimace manic. Her knuckles whitened against the handle of her ax. She hurdled it through the air. It carved a sharp, killcolored semicircle. The blade smashed into the skull of her target. A killchime sounded. Blood and bone exploded. A smashed eyeball fell to the ground. The endling collapsed backward. Nancy collided with the falling body, threw herself to her feet, and wrenched her ax from the corpse’s destroyed skull. Stuff erupted from the mess.
Across the food court the two red endlings had reacted to the noise, but with less certain counter measures. Both spun around, sweeping the air with their claws. Neither knew to look up.
Scuba Scooper and Dr. Chef had appeared above the red endling in the black uniform. They tumbled through the air. Scuba Scooper managed to bring their spear-headed shovel plunging down into the endling’s back, just below its shoulder blade. The monster stumbled. Dr. Chef collided bodily with its other shoulder and fell to the floor. Their eyes flashed as they pushed themselves to their feet, one arm reaching up, the other rising to greet it, both hands holding tight to their killcolored knife. It sank deep into the endling’s throat. A killchime sounded. Blood and stuff sprayed Dr. Chef’s face. The monster slumped forward, held upright by Dr. Chef. They pulled their knife free and let the corpse fall onto glass.
Whack-a-knight brought their sledgehammer down as hard as possible toward their targeted endling’s skull, but misjudged the monster’s momentum. The head of the hammer shattered the endling’s collar bone. The monster barked, buckled to one knee, then turned to grab at the teenager, claws swiping wide. Whack-a-knight spilled clumsily off the endling’s shoulders. The strike caught their right side, knocking them to the ground. Red blood gushed from five deep claw wounds. The teenager screamed.
Velocity turned to Sebastian.
“Hand!”
Sebastian looked at them.
Across the food court, the injured endling pushed itself to its feet.
Velocity repeated their command.
“Hand!”
Sebastian reached out his left hand with a wary scowl.
Scuba Scooper and Dr. Chef rushed toward their friend.
Velocity grabbed Sebastian’s wrist. A moment later Velocity’s dimmed helmet regained its intensity. It pulsed and dimmed again. Sebastian’s flower crown did likewise. His eyes flashed that bright, flat lime green. Every special one in his field of vision lit up in the same color. Gold light flared from Whack-a-knight’s split flesh. The teenager’s erratic body language betrayed their confusion. The red endling loomed.
Scuba Scooper grabbed Dr. Chef’s hand again. They lifted up their surgical mask and vomited up another streak of turquoise light. The blast passed inches above Whack-a-knight and reached just far enough to catch the red endling in the chest, locking it in place. The monster snarled. It struck out, flailing and grasping with both arms, their claws cutting the air inches from Whack-a-knight’s head. The teenager pushed themselves up and away. The endling roared, pushing its jaw wide. Whack-a-knight gripped their sledgehammer with both hands and planted their feet. They brought their weapon through a wide horizontal arc squarely into their enemy’s jaw. Bone splintered. Orange blood sprayed. The shattered appendage tore free from the endling’s face, but not entirely. Skin and sinew held it dangling in place. The endling howled, spraying more blood.
Whack-a-knight grabbed Dr. Chef’s wrist, swung them around to face the endling, and shouted something. Their knight’s helm pulsed and dimmed. Dr. Chef’s body struck an uncannily rigid T-pose, their free hand aimed directly at the endling’s open mouth. Their knife shot from their grasp. It flashed killcolors, punching into the monster’s destroyed mouth and piercing through the back of its skull with another killchime. The weapon lost momentum, but instead of falling to the ground it pivoted in the air and charged back toward its owner, threading the opening it had just created. Dr. Chef grabbed it out of the air. The entire knife flashed a kaleidoscopic grid of discordant colors. Jhansi blinked. The blade extended further than before, now as long as Binyelum’s machete, with an appearance like Damascus steel.
The endling’s corpse slumped forward, but remained held upright by the restraining substance. Dr. Chef reached between the monster’s jaws. Fatty matter squelched out as they retrieved the memory card. They crushed it, lifted up the bottom of their mask, stuck out their tongue, and pushed the memory card into their mouth.
The group fell back into formation. They sprinted toward the green endling, which continued stalking toward them, its prehensile appendage snapping threateningly. A group of endlings in slate gray uniforms separated the teens from their target.
Oren, Velocity, and Sebastian hurried to catch up with Binyelum and Nancy. Jhansi ran after them, clutching her fire extinguisher. She passed by the corpses that Binyelum and Nancy had made. The sight and sound of Oren’s gift flashed in her mind. How the fuck could she possibly contribute in a situation like this?
She blinked.
Memory cards.
Stupid bitch.
Jhansi turned. She hurried to the body Binyelum had left, dropping to her knees, banging them on the glass. The river below swelled, filling her vision. Vertigo seized her senses. She swooned and toppled forward, catching herself on the glass. She squeezed her eyes shut. Colors danced. She pulled a deep, ragged breath into her lungs. The sounds of violence surrounded her. She opened her eyes. An endling stood directly above her.
How?
Why?
The monster towered, bigger than anything Jhansi had ever seen. She could do nothing to stop it. Death shrieked at her, a sensory constant, the only feeling that mattered. Dark walls crushed her interior space, pushing her far into the back, reducing her entire world to the sparkling pinpoints of light sliding along claws and tusks and teeth. Jhansi’s mouth hung open. Maybe sound came out. Jhansi couldn’t hear anything over the roar of death. Her eyes burned. Her body went numb. She fell back. Claws descended. The end came. Her skull gave way, brains splattering out, eyes popping from their sockets, blood gushing up from the stump of her throat. She wet herself.
The river beneath the glass stretched on forever.
Just a stupid little girl after all.
Nothing special about her.
An explosion of noise reached Jhansi from what felt like a thousand miles away.
A flash split the endling’s uniform. Something erupted from its heart. Orange blood sprayed. A killchime sounded. The darkly grasping claws faltered, passing across Jhanis’s vision as they fell away. One brushed against her cheek, drawing a thin line. She didn’t feel it. She stared with manic eyes at the gold blade protruding from the monster’s breast. The blade retreated. The corpse fell forward. Jhansi pushed herself out of its way.
Each of Bineylum’s eyes glittered like the moon. Their teeth could eat planets. They knelt, holding her shoulder with a hand that could shape stars.
“Princess.”
Tears welled in Jhansi’s eyes.
Bineylum stood. Jhansi reached out, wanting to call them back down. They ignored her hand, stepping over her body toward a blue endling in a black uniform stepping off the escalator. Jhansi watched, transfixed, as Binyelum anticipated its attack, ducked beneath wide swinging claws, and drove their killcolored machete into the monster’s throat, pulling hard to the side, bringing forth a fountain of blood. A killchime rang out. Binyelum looked back at Jhansi, said nothing, and took off running toward the green endling.
Jhansi blinked.
Alive.
Her whole body shook.
Alive.
Her head hadn’t exploded. The monster hadn’t reduced her to a disgusting pile of slush. She hadn’t ended the night as a pathetic, humiliated loser.
Alive.
Binyelum had saved her.
She had to repay them.
How?
Memory cards.
Jhansi scrambled onto her knees. She climbed onto the back of the endling that had almost ended her life. Orange blood marked the gash left by Binyelum’s weapon. Jhansi plunged her arm in deep. Soaking warmth swallowed her up. Stuff pumped out in spurts as Jhansi searched deeper. Her hand found something hard. She grabbed it and yanked. Stuff stuck to her arm, slopping onto the floor as she stood. She shook it off.
Jhansi held up the memory card, only for a moment. Its translucent body filtered out the color of the world. Jhansi watched violence rendered in shades of muted digital green and gray. Vibrant snapshot images flashed inside the card as it tilted in her grasp. She couldn’t understand any of them. She stuffed the card into her canvas bag.
Jhansi knelt, braced herself, and pushed with all her might against the corpse. It had fallen directly onto the first she had meant to loot, blocking her access to that memory card. The body shifted. Barely.
Jhansi exhaled.
Fuck.
She whirled and threw herself onto the corpse that Nancy had made.
Across the food court, the first streak of turquoise substance flickered and vanished, releasing the two endlings it held. Their bodies fell to the floor, suffocated. A red endling in a slate gray uniform clawed its way over the corpses.
A loose semicircle of six blue endlings in slate gray uniforms closed in around the other group of teenagers. Dr. Chef jammed their knife into their belt and grabbed Scuba Scooper’s wrist with both hands. Whack-a-knight turned to face the endling clambering up the escalator, bracing themselves against Dr. Chef’s back.
Dr. Chef’s mask pulsed and dimmed. A powerful sine wave burst from beneath Scuba Scooper’s feet, rippling the glass floor. Dr. Chef and Whack-a-knight stumbled, then pressed together even harder. Neither fell.
The wave spread, cresting higher as it surged. Nebulite luminescence refracted wildly through the distorted glass. The wave hit the four closest endlings hard enough to throw them tumbling through the air. One crashed into another, claws tangling and orange blood spraying as they both went down. Another landed on its neck with a loud snap. Its body convulsed. The other two hit the floor at a distance, dazed but unharmed. The wave dissipated before reaching the endlings at the edges of the formation. The red endling continued advancing up the escalator.
Whack-a-knight pushed themselves between both other teenagers. Dr. Chef grabbed one of their wrists, Scuba Scooper the other. Whack-a-knight tensed. Their knight’s helm pulsed and dimmed. Both other teenagers struck rigid T-poses, their swords pointing toward each of the blue endlings remaining upright. The spear-headed shovel and elongated chef’s knife shot forward, though with less force than Jhansi had seen before. Both weapons flashed killcolors and pierced their targets with a killchime, but neither carved through, remaining stuck in their respective corpses.
