Jhansi Aur - Encounter I
[1380 MINUTES REMAINING]
Lunar Terminator @ 4.17% Luminosity

Jhansi watched the monster’s eye bounce across the parking lot.
What an insane fucking sight.
It left an orange splotch on the asphalt with each impact.
Fragments of some unwelcome dark shape pulsed at the bottom of Jhansi's interior space. She stomped down hard, again and again, grinding with the ball of her foot, reducing the discorporate form to a smear. No way would she wait to figure out whatever the hell that meant.
The eyeball lost momentum.
It rolled out of view, beyond the reach of the sedan’s headlights.
The monster writhed on its back, its face broken. It raised a clawed hand. A teenager wearing a varsity jacket loomed. Light caught against the cool pinpoints of their eyes. They reached back and swung their chainlock one final time. The weapon glowed white, the light edged with thin ribbons of neon cyan that left a swiftly fading trail hovering in space. When the weapon connected with the monster’s head and annihilated the dome of it, the cyan flashed to magenta and a low-frequency static blast hit Jhansi’s ears.
Fucking sick as hell.
Prepster again swung their chainlock, this time to clean off some of the blood and mess. A spray of orange streamed into the dark sky. This time the weapon didn’t leave any glowing trails.
What did that mean?
Prepster knelt.
They pushed their left hand into the monster’s cracked and open skull. Viscous gobs of soft, fatty, pinkish-white meat pumped out. The mess dribbled down the side of the monster’s head, splattering heavily on the asphalt.
Definitely not normal insides.
The teenager reached further inside than seemed possible. Their expression changed. They tensed, jerked, and pulled back their hand.
More gore oozed from the wound.
A translucent green object about the size of a playing card glinted in Prepster’s grip. Notches lined one of the narrower edges, as though the card could connect with some other mechanism. Light from the sedan refracted through the card.
The teenager shook off as much viscera as they could.
Prepster paused, then said something Jhansi couldn't hear. They tightened their grip. Cracks appeared throughout the card. Prepster added pressure and the fissures lengthened.
The card shattered.
The teenager’s body went briefly rigid.
Prepster reached with their other hand into a pocket of their jacket. They retrieved some other object, something small and rectangular, like an individually wrapped piece of gum. They looked between the items they held, then pushed everything into the mess of the monster’s head.
It looked like a ritual.
Prepster stood.
A luminous silhouette beneath the thinnest sliver of the moon.
They saw Jhansi.
They stared.
Jhansi stared back.
Shit.
Prepster called out.
“Oh hey.”
They swung their weapon over one shoulder.
“Thanks for the assist.”
Great.
Just what Jhansi wanted.
She took these walks every night to find a fucking moment of peace, to breathe for a few minutes free from the perception of others. She spent every day rigorously monitoring and managing her behavior, trying to keep her true self from showing through. Trying to keep the people around her comfortable. Trying to keep the people around her from leaving. Tightening down on her interior like that left her exhausted. She needed this release.
And now some fucking letterman jacket had invaded her sanctuary?
And she had to socialize?
Annoyance buzzed in her head.
What did that even mean, anyway?
Thanks for the assist?
Some kind of joke?
Jhansi said, “What?”
Great.
Well done.
Way to look like an idiot in front of the cool kid.
White-hot barbs of sawblade voltage flickered to life like static around the perimeter of Jhansi’s interior space.
Prepster repeated, “Thanks for the assist.”
They shrugged their weapon off their shoulder.
It swung lazily in the air, orange blood dripping from the heavy lock.
Jhansi pressed her eyelids together, then flicked them back open.
“Yeah, no, I heard that.”
She shook her head.
“But I don’t know what the fuck is going on.”
Prepster didn’t reply.
The moment dragged on.
For a long time.
What?
What the fuck did this mean?
The static whirred threateningly throughout Jhansi’s interior space.
At last Prepster replied.
“Wait, you’re serious?”
Oh for fuck’s sake.
Did they think she had lied?
Jhansi said, “Did you just kill someone?”
Prepster blinked.
“Pej.”
The word sounded like nonsense, but Prepster spat it out like a curse.
They continued speaking before Jhansi knew what to say.
“You’re a special one, right?”
Special one?
That definitely sounded like an insult.
Jhansi barked, “Fuck you. What’s that supposed to mean?”
Prepster cursed again.
“Pejudo.”
They added emphasis to the new syllable.
Jhansi repeated, “What the fuck do you mean by special?”
A second figure stepped from the darkness.
They stood shorter than Prepster, their bald head exaggerating the difference. An oversized athletic jersey abstracted the shape of their body. A metal baseball bat leaned out from where it rested against a shoulder. Orange blood coated the makeshift weapon. Moonlight winked off some pendant hanging around their neck.
Fuck.
Another one?
This one looked even cooler than the last.
Or at least punchier.
The roguish wildcard to Prepster’s reliable straight man.
Cueball asked, in a complicated tone, “What’s this?”
They looked at Prepster but gestured at Jhansi.
Jhansi interrupted.
“That’s what I want to know.”
Cueball blinked at her.
“Wait–”
Prepster interrupted.
“Yeah.”
Prepster and Cueball stared at each other.
Prepster added, “I think maybe she’s not supposed to be here.”
Cueball frowned.
“What?”
They cocked their head.
“The fuck? How?”
Prepster shrugged and shook their head.
“Fuck if I know.”
They seemed worried.
“But we should probably take her with us. Right?”
Take her?
That sounded bad.
Jhansi offered, “Hey.”
She raised her hands and began to back away.
“Whatever this is, it’s kinda fucked up. I don’t know what you’re doing, but I’ll just go, okay? I wasn’t trying to get involved in your shit, I won’t remember this happened, I just want to keep taking my walk.”
Prepster and Cueball stared at Jhansi.
Cueball said, “Leave?”
They blinked.
“Leaving’s a bad idea.”
Their tone dripped with disdain.
“Do you have a sword?”
What the fuck?
A sword?
Slang?
Did they mean something like their glowing weapons?
Not that it mattered.
Jhansi said, “Nope! Like I said, not trying to get involved. I don’t have anything at all. I’m just taking a walk.”
She continued to back away.
Prepster said, “Not to be weird, but what exactly are you doing taking a walk out here in the middle of the night?”
This caught Jhansi off guard.
She paused.
What should she say?
Fuck it.
That didn't matter either.
She said, “That’s not really your business, my dude.”
Jhansi took another step back. She reached the edge of the light beaming from the sedan. A dense, unfamiliar gloom shrouded the panoptic city. Hostility rolled off the darkness in a constant wave, battering Jhansi's senses, putting her on even higher alert.
But so what?
She knew her neighborhood.
Prepster and Cueball would lose her the moment she slipped from view. They didn't seem like they’d chase her, but even if they did, no way could they outpace Jhansi on her own turf. She has spent years trekking through this neighborhood at night.
Prepster and Cueball still hadn’t moved, so Jhansi had a small head start.
She shifted her weight.
Cueball deadpanned, “My dude, you’ll die.”
Jhansi blinked.
It didn’t sound like a warning or a threat.
It sounded like a fact.
Jhansi stood with the toes of her right foot already beyond the light.
“What do you mean?”
Cueball let their expression fall completely.
“Where do you even think you're going? Home?”
Jhansi didn't reply.
Cueball continued.
“You can. If you want. The building’s still there. All your stuff is there. But everyone you know will be gone. Your family, whoever you’re staying with, they won’t be there. You’ll only meet two kinds of residents here in the netherlume shift.”
They pointed to themselves and Prepster.
“Special ones, and–”
They pointed with their bat at the monster's corpse.
“–those things.”
They paused.
“And those things’ll fucking kill you on sight.”
Jhansi stared.
What the hell did any of this mean?
Had she lost her fucking grip?
Had she lost her fucking mind?
What the hell did this mean?
Her interior space churned with ambient static.
She shook her head.
“Is this a dream?”
Prepster laughed darkly.
“So they say.”
They watched Jhansi’s expression.
“It’s the kind where you really don’t want to die.”
Right.
As opposed to the other kind.
Fuck.
What the fuck?
What the entire fuck?
Jhansi felt like the world's biggest idiot.
She stood at the front and center of her cavernous interior space, trying to collect her thoughts. Walls of jagged black crystal shimmered red around her, ascending into darkness high above. A place she could never reach. An archway threshold opened onto a tunnel behind her, leading further back. She tried not to go there. The stain left behind by that dark shape from earlier pulled at her attention. She tried to ignore it. Bolts of static crackled along the perimeter of the space, throwing patterns of sound and light across the uneven topography.
What delightfully serene ambiance.
The other teenagers towered over Jhansi, exuding an aura of confidence and charisma beyond anything she could ever hope to muster.
Cueball had already made fun of her.
Kind of.
Could she find the right dialogue option for a reversal?
Could she find some way to pretend and convince them she belonged?
Not likely.
Not at this point.
She already looked like a tiny idiot.
Any attempt to save face would only highlight the disparity between them.
Jhansi reflexively backed further into her interior space, until she bumped against a sharp wall of static.
Fuck.
Idiot.
Jhansi groaned, “Fuck.”
She rolled her eyes, sagged her shoulders, and looked down at the asphalt.
“Fine. I don't want to die.”
Cueball deadpanned, “I’m glad.”
Jhansi snorted, in spite of herself.
She looked up.
“You’re taking me somewhere?”
Prepster nodded.
“Duet might know what to do with you.”
They shrugged.
“Either way, you’ll be safer with the group.”
Wonderful.
A whole fucking group of them.
Ugh.
Whatever.
Jhansi stepped forward.
“Great.”
She waggled her hands, gesturing at herself.
“I’m Jhansi.”
She pictured herself standing before these other teenagers.
What did they see?
A fucking dork.
A seventeen-year-old mixed Indian American girl wearing a long blue pleated skirt and a white t-shirt printed with an emotional scene from a whimsical cartoon.
Thick black text framed the image.
ALL MY FRIENDS LIVE FOREVER IN MY HEART
That morning she’d pulled her curly brown hair into a ponytail with a black scrunchie and put on her black flats, the only pair she had.
She pushed her round framed glasses up her nose.
They slid forward immediately.
Ugh.
Prepster offered, “I’m Oren.”
Cueball said, “Velocity.”
Oren, an athletic eighteen-year-old white boy, stood a couple inches taller than Jhansi. Soft boycurls bounced on his head whenever he turned. His seafoam green and pastel lavender varsity jacket bore a chenille patch shaped like an ampersand. He wore a fitted white t-shirt printed with a large line art graphic of a disassembled human arm. His blue jeans fit so well they looked tailored, and his baby blue suede Nike Air Force 1’s appeared immaculate. Except for the blood.
Well fuck.
Velocity looked a little older than Oren, probably nineteen, with mixed Latine heritage. Their shorter height made them appear pressurized, somehow. They had wide, expressive facial features, accentuated by bright red lipstick and meticulously applied black and white spiraling eye makeup. The pendant around their neck glittered red. Their jersey bore a large image of fish, a yellow tang, with a fierce, stylized expression, atop a background of black and yellow vertical stripes. A pair of small black athletic shorts and red and yellow checkered Vans completed the outfit. Bruises covered their shins.
Double fuck.
These fucking jerks just kept getting cooler.
Of course they’d take every opportunity to pick on Jhansi.
Oren added, “And that’s Mambele.”
He gestured over his shoulder.
The sedan, a 1990 Nissan Sentra B12, idled calmly across several parking spots. Errant rays of headlight radiance caught on the edges of the car’s deep blue angular body, so that it sat outlined in gold against the night. A patch of heavy oxidation covered most of the hood. The engine rumbled with some dreamlike quality Jhansi couldn't quite place.
Triple fuck.
Jhansi looked from Oren to Velocity, to the car, and then back again.
A fuck hat trick.
“Beautiful.”
Oren flushed.
He ran a hand through his hair.
“Eh. Maybe.” 
He looked up at the moon.
Jhansi followed his gaze.
Goosebumps prickled her skin.
Oren said, “Anyway, we should get going.”
Velocity called shotgun, which made sense.
Jhansi knew both of them would expect her to sit in the back. She followed Oren to the car, slowing as she passed the corpse of the monster. Something throbbed in the pit of her interior space. The fragments of that dark shape. They pulled at each other, and at Jhansi, oozing up through the floor toward her.
She stomped them back into nothing.
The monster’s body looked big, somehow bigger than Jhansi had expected.
The corpse wore a slate gray military dress uniform, the austere formality of the tailored three-button coat and pressed trousers a strange contrast against the monster's brutal physiology. The gray color complemented the hue of the monster’s skin. An embroidered design covered most of the front of the coat. A stylized, angular, unremarkable face. It stared at Jhansi with flat contempt.
At some point Oren had smashed one of the monster’s massive hands. Dark shards of bone protruded between fingers bent at odd angles. Orange blood dripped slowly to the asphalt.
Short, desaturated blue fur covered the back of the monster’s hands. Its fingers–the ones still intact–tapered into gleaming black six-inch claws. They pierced outward from beneath the thing’s skin.
Jhansi purposefully didn’t look at the monster’s pulverized head.
She looked up.
“Okay, I don’t think that’s a person.”
The other teenagers agreed in unison.
“Yeah.”
Oren added, “That’s an endling.”
Jhansi nodded as though that made sense.
“Endling.”
She added, “Cool name.”
Velocity barked a laugh.
“I guess so.”
Cool kids versus monsters.
Not a bad dynamic.
Jhansi asked, “And you guys are, what, superheroes, or something? With your glowy weapons? Fighting the endlings to save the world?”
Oren and Velocity both stared at Jhansi.
Great.
She’d already made herself look stupid again.
Superheroes?
Really?
Fucking lame.
At last Oren replied, “Sure, you could say that.”
He paused.
“Kind of.”
He paused again.
“It’s complicated.”
Velocity raised their eyebrows at Oren.
“Right.”
They made a face.
“Complicated.”
They looked at Jhansi.
“We’re special ones.”
They grinned as they said it.
“Special ones, fighting the endlings to save the world.”
Jhansi narrowed her eyes.
Oren and Velocity had both used that term.
But.
It still felt like a joke.
Or something?
Whatever.
It made Jhansi feel weird inside.
“Right.”
Special ones.
She said it aloud to herself.
“Special ones.”
Oren opened the driver’s side door–Mambele only had two–and pulled a lever to pop the seat forward.
Jhansi understood the cue. 
She climbed into the back.
The sound from the engine washed over her in a neat wave, something like digitized bells, low and resonant, pitching up and down through a slow arpeggio.
It sounded not unlike Oren’s sword.
Genuinely beautiful.
The seat welcomed Jhansi as she buckled in.
The leftover ambient static sprawling through her interior space dissipated.
Well fuck.
That felt nice.
Jhansi looked around.
The dome light, colored over with a marker, glowed a desaturated purple, casting the interior into a liminal twilight. Sticky, glow-in-the-dark stars patterned the roof in disparate constellations. Dark stains mottled the upholstery.
The top half of a coloring book stared at Jhansi from the pouch on the back of the driver’s seat. The cover depicted the portal of a cave, lined with glittering gemstones, receding into darkness. The title, rendered like mist, sat just above the curve of the archway.
SO …
Jhansi felt compelled to open it up.
Wait.
Would that make her look weird?
Or rude?
She left the coloring book alone.
Mambele jostled.
Oren and Velocity had opened and closed the trunk.
They lowered themselves into the sedan, neither carrying their weapon.
They closed their doors and the dome light blinked out.
A different light pulled Jhansi’s attention.
A brighter, more saturated purple glowed from behind the shifter.
Which looked unlike anything Jhansi had ever seen.
A series of steps climbed up from the center console all the way to the dashboard. The shifter knob rested in a notch, labeled P, located in the bottom step. A labyrinthine series of pathways spread upward and outward from the notch, most of them crossing and looping back over each other. Jhansi counted maybe ten other notches, all of them labeled with unrecognizable symbols. The more she stared, trying to trace any single pathway, the more impossible she found it to understand.
Oren gripped some trigger on the back of the steering wheel–the clutch?–and pushed the shifter through its maze. He found a notch to rest it in. The labeling symbol changed to an R. Oren stepped on the accelerator. Mambele backed away from the endling corpse. Oren spun the wheel, squeezed the clutch trigger, shifted into first, and had Mambele pull out onto the street.
Mambele picked up speed.
The nighttime miasma hung heavy and viscous, limiting visibility to maybe a dozen meters.
Mambele's headlights cut through the dark, to a degree.
Maybe nothing else could?
Except.
A blue pinpoint of light emerged in the distance.
Eerie.
They approached.
The light came from a streetlamp. Not illuminated, strictly. More like, haunted by radiance.
They passed beneath it.
A blue glow washed through the cabin, briefly warming Jhansi from the inside. A green light appeared in the near distance. Another streetlamp. Another moment of interior comfort.
The cadence continued, blue and green lights intermittently flashing above. They didn't do much to push back the dark, but as Jhansi searched and her eyes adjusted, she found that she could spot them further and further into the distance.
The light didn’t just haunt streetlamps. A luminous yellow glare lit the interior of a noodle shop. A lavender light beamed from under the busted awning of a bus stop. Orange rays shone from behind the closed window of a food truck.
Jhansi asked, “What's with all this?”
Ugh.
She just couldn’t stop herself.
Oren looked at her in the rearview mirror.
“All this?”
Jhansi nodded.
She gestured around.
“The dark.”
She paused.
“And stuff.”
Velocity turned to look at her.
“It's nighttime.”
Should’ve expected that.
Jhansi made a face.
Oren said, “That's the cloak.”
Jhansi looked at him.
She repeated the word.
“The cloak.”
Another cool name.
Still didn’t answer much.
Jhansi cocked her head.
“Why’s it like that?”
Oren laughed, once.
“I have no idea.”
He shrugged.
“That’s just–”
He gestured around.
“–the way it is.”
Jhansi blinked.
“Huh.”
She paused.
“What's with the lights?”
Oren laughed again, longer this time.
“Those are nebulites.”
Jhansi repeated, “Nebulites.”
She added, “And that's just the way it is?”
Oren nodded.
“That’s just the way it is.”
“Huh.”
Beautiful.
Hypnotizing.
Jhansi stared out the driver’s side window, allowing her awareness to expand beyond Mambele, mentally tracing their route through the city. She had lived her whole life in this neighborhood, at the eastern extent of the southeast district of St. Alëmskaan’machi. She’d spent every night of the past two years quietly sneaking out of the house, wandering for hours through residential streets and empty business parking lots. Few people could possibly know this place better than her.
Oren drove like he knew his way around.
That felt good.
Oren turned Mambele north at the eastern boundary of the neighborhood, probably taking them toward the ramp onto the highway.
They passed an arterial street that led toward Jhansi’s house.
It felt natural to pass by.
What would her parents say about all this?
Well.
They’d lose their shit.
But not because Jhansi had gotten into the car.
Nah.
Instead they’d focus on the revelation of her nightly neighborhood wandering.
Her mother would lament, “I just don’t understand why you feel like you need to do that. You’re such a good girl. You know how special you are.”
Her dad would pull her aside, into the hallway upstairs or the garage, and–looming, with iron eyes and arms crossed so hard Jhansi could count the veins–hiss, “Knock. This. Off.”
Velocity turned in their seat and gave Jhansi a look.
They said bluntly, “Okay but seriously, what the fuck were you doing out in the pitch fucking black middle of the night?”
Hah.
Jhansi laughed.
Might as well have fun with it.
She singsonged, “I’ve got a secret.”
Velocity narrowed their eyes.
Jhansi added, “Promise you won’t tell on me?”
Velocity continued to stare.
After a moment they crossed their heart.
“Death to tattlers.”
Jhansi smirked.
She leaned closer.
Velocity wore a pair of glass plug earrings. Both had miniature cockle shells fixed in their centers, the right one blue, the left one green. The pendant around Velocity’s neck, a bright red auger shell, hung from a silver rope chain. A smooth, muted spot of wear stood out on the surface of the shell.
Fascinating.
Jhansi whispered, “I hate being home.”
Velocity barked a laugh.
They agreed.
“Fair.”
Oren agreed.
“Fair.”
Velocity stared at Jhansi.
Jhansi stared back, watching Velocity's expression shift through a patchwork of indecipherable shapes.
At last Velocity said, “You really were just wandering around out there, huh?”
They leaned back.
“And you just fucking stumbled into the netherlume shift.”
They shook their head.
“Your poor, dumbass self.”
They leaned back toward Jhansi.
“What were you doing today? Like, during the day. Did you do anything different? Anything special?”
That word again.
Jhansi considered the question.
She replied honestly.
“I don’t even remember my day.”
Oren agreed.
“Most of us don’t. That’s the thing with the daydreaming.”
So much formal terminology.
Jhansi cocked her head.
“Another important word? There’s not going to be a test, is there?”
Velocity shook their head.
“It’s all a test, babe.”
Oren said, “The daydreaming is how we get ready to be special ones.”
Jhansi said, “You do keep saying that phrase.”
Velocity said, “That’s what we are!”
They paused, tempering their tone by a degree.
“The bane of Egaeus.”
Egaeus.
Why did that name make her feel so weird?
Jhansi squirmed in her seat.
“Right.”
She paused.
“And your training montage happens during the daydreaming?”
Velocity pursed their lips.
“Yeah.”
They nodded.
“Basically.”
They made a face.
“Kinda.”
They shrugged.
“And also not at all.”
Jhansi frowned.
“How helpful.”
Velocity shrugged again.
“It’s …”
They paused.
“I guess it’s hard to describe if you haven’t gone through it. The daydreaming is like … a place you go.”
They paused again.
“Kind of.”
A real bright one, Velocity.
Jhansi didn't change her expression.
“As opposed to a place you don’t go.”
Velocity snapped their fingers into the shape of a gun.
“Exactly.”
They nodded.
“And you get there when you’re not thinking about anything else.”
They paused.
“Sort of.”
Real bright.
Jhansi blinked.
“Right.”
She raised her eyebrows.
“And there’s a little guy who tells you everything’s fucked up? And he gives you a sword?”
Oren said, “Actually, yeah.”
Oh shit.
Jhansi turned.
“Wait, really?”
Oren shrugged.
“Well, there’s no little guy, but you do get a gift, and a sword.”
Hah!
Jhansi grinned.
“Swords!”
She looked between Oren and Velocity.
“Your blinky weapons!”
Oren said, “Exactly.”
Hell yeah.
Jhansi pumped her fist.
“I knew it!”
Velocity chuckled.
Jhansi looked at them, then turned back to Oren.
“How do they work?”
Velocity replied, “You swing ‘em hard at the monster’s head?”
Real consistent character, that one.
Jhansi made a face.
“It glows.”
Oren said, “Ah. Killcolors. Cyan to magenta. That happens when your attack is a killswing. The sound that comes after is the sword’s killchime.”
Lots of killwords, got it.
Jhansi leaned forward.
“That’s honestly pretty cool.”
Oren and Velocity agreed in unison.
“Yeah.”
Velocity said, “How much fighting did you see?”
Jhansi thought about her first memory of the night.
Images blurred together in a haze.
Then.
The eyeball.
“The killswing. Everything before that is fuzzy.”
Velocity clicked their tongue.
“The killswing?”
They shook their head.
“Forever underappreciated.”
Oh shit.
Jhansi blinked.
“You killed a monster too?”
Fucking duh.
Of course they had.
Jhansi had seen them covered in blood.
Stupid of her to not put that together.
Waitaminute.
Jhansi blinked again.
Not a single drop of blood stained Oren or Velocity’s clothes.
Jhansi exclaimed, “Oh shit.”
She gestured.
“Where’s the blood?”
Velocity said, “In your veins?”
Ha fucking ha.
Jhansi made a face.
“Oh fuck off. I mean on your clothes.”
Velocity giggled.
Oren said, “That’s Mambele.”
He gave the dashboard an affectionate pat.
“When you come back to your car, all your messed up stuff gets a refresh.”
Jhansi cocked her head.
“Messed up stuff? Like, your health?”
Velocity said, “Only love can heal you.”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
Oren added, “It’s complicated. Mambele refreshes your equipment, whatever gets gross or broken, and relieves some of the mental fatigue that’ll …”
He gestured out into the night. 
“Take hold out there.”
While fighting endlings.
Jhansi pictured the monster’s corpse. 
Hadn’t Oren killed it with ease?
Jhansi pursed her lips.
“How much fighting is there?”
Velocity said, “All of it.”
Oren ran a hand through his hair.
“The netherlume shift runs the sixty seconds between midnight and twelve-oh-one AM local time.”
He paused.
“It lasts for twenty-four hours.”
Oh shit.
Jhansi blinked.
“Damn.”
A whole fucking day.
“And you spend those twenty-four hours fighting increasingly difficult waves of endlings?”
Velocity said, “Actually yeah.”
They paused.
Jhansi interrupted.
“Sort of?”
Velocity barked a laugh.
Oren said, “Yeah, that’s … pretty much how it goes.”
He paused.
“Kinda.”
He didn't offer any further explanation.
Jhansi tried to picture the scale of the fighting.
“Where do the endlings come from?”
Oren and Velocity answered in unison.
“The moon.”
Jhansi blinked.
Since when did the singular, stunning moon give birth to monsters?
She blinked again.
“The monsters come from the moon?”
Oren said, “Technically, Egaeus creates them on the moon.”
Hm.
That name again.
And those same fucked up feelings.
Jhansi said it aloud this time.
“Egaeus.”
Fuck!
Well that felt fucking disgusting.
Like muddy worms writhing in her mouth.
Jhansi scowled.
“I don't like that name.”
Nobody replied.
Apparently they both felt the same.
Jhansi said, “He’s the final boss?”
Oren chuckled darkly.
He answered in a complicated tone.
“He’s …”
He paused, then gestured.
“… the Lord of the Moon.”
Hah.
Yeah.
Right.
Jhansi scoffed.
“Excuse me?”
Velocity laughed.
They gave Jhansi a long look, then leaned back in their seat and stared straight ahead.
“That’s what He calls Himself.”
Jhansi shook her head.
“I’m sorry, the moon doesn’t have a Lord.”
Velocity laughed again.
Once.
Ruefully.
“Go ahead and tell Him that.”
Okay then.
These kids sure seemed invested in this guy’s power.
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
“Watch me.”
She paused.
“What’s the deal, then?”
She looked between Oren and Velocity.
“You have to get to the moon and stop Him? That’s how you win?”
She paused.
“What if He’s still alive after the twenty-four hours are up?”
The conversation stopped entirely.
Mambele’s bells hummed in the silence.
The cabin flickered.
Blue.
Green.
Blue.
Green.
Darkness swelled in between each fleeting burst of light.
Jhansi had a hard time seeing Oren or Velocity’s face.
Okay?
Had she said something wrong?
Or worse.
Had she said something stupid?
And she’d had such a good rhythm going.
Ugh.
Dumbass.
Barbs of static came slowly to life around the perimeter of Jhansi’s interior space.
Jhansi sank back into her seat.
At last Velocity replied.
“I don’t think you need to worry about that.”
Oren added, “Nobody really … stops Him.”
Wait.
What? 
Weird.
Jhansi narrowed her eyes. 
“Okay.”
She paused.
“It’s just a race to the finish line? Survive the monsters and get to the moon? The kid in first place gets a prize or something?”
Oren stared for a long moment at the road ahead. He rubbed his thumbs idly on the steering wheel. His chest rose and fell.
He said, “Most of us will die a long time before we get to the moon.”
Well sure, not every player could win the game.
Jhansi waggled her hands.
“Makes sense. Not everybody can win.”
She leaned forward.
“What happens when you die? Do you get to watch while you wait around for it to end or something?”
Oren slowed Mambele.
He turned left at the intersection near the highway on-ramp, but instead of merging, he took them through the highway underpass, heading away from the ocean and city center.
Jhansi didn’t know this neighborhood as well as her own.
Velocity replied curtly.
“Nah.”
They paused.
“You probably don’t get to watch.”
Why were they acting like this?
Jhansi needled, “Just say you don't know.”
Oren and Velocity stared straight through the windshield.
Neither replied.
What the fuck did this mean?
The ambient static barbs solidified.
They began to move, expanding easily, charting familiar patterns.
Jhansi tensed her shoulders. Her jaw, too. And her feet. Pressure to combat the sensation.
Her breathing came faster.
Her chest tightened.
“We do go back when the night’s over.”
She tried her best to keep the statement from sounding like a question.
Velocity turned to look at her.
They replied with the slightest smile.
The static released a keening discharge.
Jhansi’s breath caught in her throat.
“No.”
Velocity nodded.
“Yep.”
They added plosive emphasis to the final consonant.
The static churned, faster and faster, blurring into a vortex around the perimeter of Jhansi's interior space.
Bile rose in Jhansi's throat.
“No.”
Absolutely not.
She squeaked, “We never go back?”
Velocity nodded, just once.
“We all die.”
Oren and Velocity and Mambele's shifter and the world outside the windshield receded into the distance.
Everyone dies?
Everyone?!
No.
Not fair.
Not fucking fair.
She’d only gone looking for some fucking solace!
The vortex snarled, hungry.
It began to close in.
Jhansi grasped the seat.
She ground her teeth together.
Why this?
Why like this?!
She turned to Oren.
“How do you know?”
Oren’s reply came from a thousand miles away.
“One of the things you do during the daydreaming is watch other playthroughs.”
He paused.
“Nobody survives the night.”
Fuck.
Nobody.
Nobody?
Nobody!
Jhansi shouted, “That doesn’t mean we have to actually die!”
The vortex tightened, licking constellations of pain across her skin.
“This isn't even the real world!”
Oren looked at her in the rearview mirror.
“It’s not?”
Excuse me?
“No! Obviously!”
Jhansi gestured around wildly.
“Look at this fucking place!”
Oren shrugged.
Velocity said, “Did anyone ever prepare you for this?”
Jhansi blinked.
“What? No, but–”
“Don’t you think someone would have tried to share this experience, if they’d survived it?”
Jhansi blinked again.
“Well sure, but–”
“Do you think you know more about this place than we do?”
Static writhed against Jhansi, tearing off protective layers of ego.
“No, goddammit!”
Some way out must exist.
It had to!
Jhansi balled her fists.
“Shouldn’t we at least get to go back if we survive ‘til the end of the night?”
Oren shook his head.
“When the lunar terminator maxes out, Egaeus kills us all.”
Guaranteed?!
Jhansi yelled, somehow even louder than before, “What?!”
Velocity shrugged and said, “Not the endlings.”
Oren said, “Yep.”
Something else.
Some other explanation.
Jhansi turned to Velocity.
Her voice pitched upward.
“Maybe it's just a dream we don't remember!”
Velocity shrugged.
“If that’s what you need to tell yourself.”
Fuck.
Something else something else something else.
Jhansi hadn't done anything wrong!
She didn't deserve this punishment!
Jhansi’s lips pulled back.
“I'm not like you! I'm not supposed to be here! Maybe I'm special! Maybe I won't die!”
Velocity blinked.
They blinked again.
“Do you really think you’re the only thing here that can’t die?”
Fuck fuck fuck.
“Yes!”
Fuck fuck fuck.
“No!”
Fuck fuck fuck.
Jhansi swallowed and choked on her own spit.
“I don’t want to fucking die tonight!”
Velocity gave her a long look.
They turned away, staring past Oren, out the driver’s side window.
Their pendant glittered.
“Nobody does.”
The seethed static vortex came undone.
Lightning barbs exploded in every direction.
They pierced straight through Jhansi, latching on, burning wider wounds.
Jhansi stumbled.
Everything hurt.
She couldn't take it.
She fled into the back.
The static followed, hissing through the air, driving spears of shimmering, blistering agony deep into her sensitive core.
The world lit up.
Jhansi had no power to stop it.
She couldn't tense any further.
Everything hurt so bad.
She fled deeper into the back and it didn't matter at all.
She didn't know how to keep it all inside.
She didn’t know how to keep any of it inside.
It fucking hurt.
Tears welled in her eyes.
Fuck that.
She would not fucking cry.
Not like a little fucking baby.
Not in front of anyone.
What a stupid, weak little bitch.
Everything exploded outward.
Jhansi screamed.
She smashed both hands against the roof.
Her palms throbbed.
She screamed again, cursing, slamming her elbows back against the seat.
The upholstery yielded too easy, she found no relief.
She beat her fists against her thighs, again and again, swinging her arms as hard as she could.
Not a coward.
Not a coward!
Not a fucking coward!
She could fucking show them.
She could turn everything into pain.
She kicked at the back of Oren’s seat and shrieked until she ran out of breath.
She looked up and saw the expression on Velocity’s face.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck!
What had Jhansi done?
She always fucking did this!
Why the fuck couldn't she control herself?!
What an unbelievably stupid little bitch.
Jhansi gasped, “Fuck.”
What the fuck.
Jhansi pushed herself backward, sinking into the upholstery, looking down and away from Velocity’s gaze.
Her entire body felt raw.
Fuck.
No fucking wonder nobody ever wants to spend time with her.
What an awful bitch.
She pleaded, “Just let me out.”
Velocity looked at Oren.
Oren looked at Jhansi in the rearview mirror.
“Why?”
What?
Jhansi looked up.
“What?”
Oren repeated the word.
“Why?”
He expected her to humiliate herself further?
Fine.
Jhansi scowled.
“Because I suck?”
She gestured around.
“Because you fucking hate me?”
Her scowl deepened.
“Because it's what I deserve?”
Oren stared at her.
He returned his eyes to the road.
“No.”
What?
Jhansi blinked.
“What?”
Oren repeated the word.
“No.”
Jhansi watched Oren.
Oren watched the road.
Velocity watched Jhansi.
Jhansi looked back down at the floor.
She sat like that for a long time.
What should she do?
What did they want from her?
Jhansi said, quietly, “I’m sorry.”
Velocity clicked their teeth.
“Wow.”
The static flickered again.
Jhansi repeated, “I’m sorry.”
Velocity just stared.
Well what the fuck?
Jhansi shouted at the floor.
“I said I’m sorry!”
Velocity huffed.
“How old are you?”
What?
How the fuck should she feel about that?
Jhansi blinked.
“What?”
Velocity shook their head.
“I’m glad we found you.”
What?
How the fuck should she feel about that?
Jhansi balked.
“What?”
She looked up.
She had no fucking idea how to decipher Velocity’s expression.
Velocity said, “I don’t even want to think about what would’ve happened if you got picked up by some other kids.”
Jhansi knew how to feel about that.
She made a face.
“What the hell does that mean?”
Velocity’s expression changed, but remained incomprehensible.
They held Jhansi's gaze.
It didn't feel great.
Finally they said, “I hear Binyelum’s pretty cool.”
Jhansi didn't understand any of this.
Did they hate her or not?
Jhansi stared.
“Cryptic.”
She cringed at her own tone.
Oren said, “Duet’s like our leader.”
Thank fuck for the diversion.
Jhansi said, “Duet is Binyelum?”
“Yeah.”
“And they lead, what, everyone?”
Oren laughed.
Relief washed over Jhansi with the sound.
Oren said, “No, but they’d love that you asked. They lead a little group of us. Six. I was picking up Velocity when you wandered in. Another one of us is still missing.”
Jhansi looked from Oren to Velocity and back.
She tried to keep her tone even.
“I’m not the mysterious missing sixth member, am I?”
Velocity laughed.
Oren did too, shaking his head.
“No, I don't think you're Kiran.”
Welp.
Duh.
Still, kinda disappointing.
“Fair.”
Jhansi paused, then asked, “So how do you know each other?”
Velocity shrugged.
Oren said, “The daydreaming.”
Velocity added, “I’ve never actually met any of these dorks before.”
Oren said, “Takes a dork to know a dork.”
Velocity narrowed their eyes.
“What about biblically?”
Oren raised an eyebrow.
“You’re asking me what it takes to know a dork biblically?”
Velocity nodded, their eyes glinting.
Oren ran a hand through his hair.
He shook his head dramatically.
“Untold bravery.”
Velocity smiled.
“Oh no.”
They leaned closer to Oren.
“What happens if I run away?”
They batted their eyelashes.
“Do I get chased?”
Oren shook his head.
“Dorks choose their mate based on proof of worthiness.”
Wow.
Okay.
Oren added, “Chasing is for the Mesonoxian.”
Velocity frowned.
“Woof.”
They crossed their arms.
“Mood killer.
They shook their head.
“Don't bring that shit here.”
Jhansi interrupted.
“I’m sorry, but you're making up words again.”
Velocity gave her a look she didn't understand, then nodded toward Oren.
“She’s right.”
Oren gave Velocity a confused look.
Velocity said, “Dork mating isn't real.”
Oren whistled.
“Harsh.”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
“No, the m word. Mezzomnomnom or whatever.”
Velocity gave her another, harsher look.
“Love the morbid curiosity, dude.”
Wow.
Okay.
Oren said, “The Mesonoxian.”
Velocity fidgeted.
He gestured around.
“Despair itself.”
Uh huh.
Jhansi raised an eyebrow.
“Really?”
She looked between Oren and Velocity.
“That’s, what? A bigass endling or something?”
For a moment neither teenager replied.
At last Oren said, “I don't know if anybody knows.”
A familiar refrain.
Jhansi said “There's a lot of stuff you guys don't know.”
Velocity raised both eyebrows.
“Again, just how much do you know?”
Ugh.
Jhansi pursed her lips.
Oren said, “Most likely, the Meson–”
Velocity slapped his arm.
“You don’t have to keep saying it.”
Oren gave Velocity a look.
He opened his mouth, then closed it.
He looked back at Jhansi.
“Most likely it’s not an endling, but an alterling. Closer to, anyway.”
He squeezed the steering wheel.
“And Velocity’s right. Don’t summon that motherfucker.”
Alterling.
Jhansi repeated the word.
“Alterling.”
It felt good in her mouth.
She said, “What's that?”
Oren paused, then gave a strange sigh.
“So, endlings worship Egaeus.”
He gestured around.
“He creates them, and they live and work in His service, harvesting memory cards as offerings.”
Memory cards.
Jhansi remembered the object Oren had pulled from the endling’s corpse.
“When the netherlume shift ends, after Egaus kills all the remaining special ones, He evaluates the offerings He’s received. The endlings who please Egaeus get rewarded with new ranks and abilities.”
Oren gestured around again.
“There's a specific hierarchy.”
Oren paused.
“But an endling doesn't strictly have to present its harvest to Egaeus. Memory cards have other uses. For example–”
Oren clacked his teeth together.
“–you can eat them.”
Jhansi blinked.
Eat them?
How?
What would that feel like?
Jhansi pictured the way the memory card had shattered in Oren’s hand. It had split into such crisp, clean pieces. Something like that would snap so neatly in her mouth, the slight plastic resistance yielding with a bright crack beneath unrelenting pressure.
An eager heat blossomed in Jhansi's stomach.
Something like vertigo took hold.
It relented.
What a fucking rush.
What the hell did that mean?
Jhansi shook her head.
“Eat them.”
Oren nodded.
“Yep.”
He paused.
“If an endling makes the choice to consume a memory card instead of offering it up to Egaeus, it removes itself from the traditional hierarchy of rank and ability. It starts developing in ways that otherwise wouldn't be possible. It …”
He gestured.
“It's a complicated process, the results vary across extremities that are hard to describe.”
He paused.
“And that's an alterling. An endling who has made the choice to take control over the design of its existence.”
Velocity interjected, “Over its fate.”
Oren didn't pause.
“Its uniform doesn't fit anymore. It can no longer wear the Sigil of Egaeus and live in His service. He can’t, or won’t, sustain it. It must hunt every night for more memory cards, or starve and die.”
Fascinating.
Jhansi said, “Will an alterling change every time it consumes a memory card? Or does it have to reach some minimum sustenance threshold first?”
She paused.
“Or something else?”
Oren shrugged.
“It depends.”
Ugh.
Of course.
Jhansi thought about what she had learned.
“Endlings and alterlings kill each other for memory cards?”
Oren said, “Yep.”
Jhansi nodded.
“And Egaeus kills all the alterlings at the end of the whateverlume shift?”
Velocity snorted.
“Whateverlume shift.”
Oren gave Jhansi a strange look in the rearview mirror.
“No.”
He narrowed his eyes.
“Why?”
Jhansi blinked.
“No?”
She looked between Oren and Velocity.
“So the alterlings aren’t sworn enemies of Egaeus. They’re also bad guys?”
The strangeness of Oren’s expression intensified.
“What does that mean?”
Jhansi gestured.
“Egaeus is the bad guy. He makes sure all the special ones are dead by the end of the night.”
Oren nodded curtly.
“Kind of.”
Ugh.
Jhansi gestured again.
“Right. So, anyone who works for Egaeus is also a bad guy.”
Oren nodded again.
“I guess.”
He shrugged.
“Basically.”
Ugh.
More caginess.
Jhansi gestured again.
“Alterlings don’t work for Egaeus. They kill endlings.”
Oren nodded.
Jhansi continued.
“Technically they’re like, fighting against Egaeus. But Egaeus doesn’t kill all of them at the end of the night. Only you guys.”
Oren blinked.
“What’s your point?”
Oh.
Huh.
She didn’t actually know.
Jhansi blinked back.
“I guess …”
She paused.
“Why the fuck does Egaeus hate you guys so much?”
Oren said, “I think He doesn’t like that we’re here.”
How helpful.
Jhansi made a face.
“That is generally how hatred works, yes.”
Velocity said, “We’re on our second run.”
Wait.
What?
Jhansi narrowed her eyes.
“Your second?”
Oren said, “A new-game-plus,” drawing out each vowel sound with deadpan inflection.
Jhansi blinked.
“You beat the game already?”
She looked at Velocity.
“But you literally just told me that nobody’s beaten the game.”
Velocity smiled strangely.
Oren sighed.
“No, we didn’t beat the game.”
He paused.
“We died.”
What?
Jhansi blinked.
“What?”
She frowned.
“But you just said–”
Oren interrupted.
“After I killed that endling, do you remember what I did with its memory card?”
Of course she remembered.
The gross meat. The weird depth of the endling’s body. Oren’s messy arm.
The memory card, the crush, the extra little thing from Oren’s pocket.
What did that have to–
Wait.
“Hold on, that’s–”
Oren interrupted again.
“So you do remember.”
Jhansi shook her head.
“That’s where you come from?”
Oren nodded.
“Yep.”
He paused.
“That’s where we come from.”
Wow.
Okay.
What the fuck?
Jhansi stared at him.
She looked at Velocity.
“You were endlings?”
Velocity stared back at her.
Mambele passed beneath another nebulite.
Blue light flickered across Velocity’s face.
Their shell pendant winked.
Their eye makeup swirled dangerously.
Jhansi tensed reflexively.
Her eyes flicked toward the car doors.
Had she trapped herself in a car with monsters?
Oren shrugged.
“Pretty much.”
Pretty much?
Pretty much what?
Jhansi frowned.
How should she feel about this?
Bad guys to good guys?
How did that work?
What did that mean?
Jhansi shook her head.
“Why?”
Oren looked at her in the rearview mirror.
“Why what?”
Jhansi gestured.
“Why were you endlings?”
Oren looked back at the road.
He didn’t reply.
Neither did Velocity.
Great.
Jhansi looked back and forth between them.
“You don’t know why you were endlings?”
Oren and Velocity stayed quiet.
Oren’s hands moved softly on the steering wheel.
Mambele responded, straddling the broken line of the lane divider, swallowing each strip of white paint in a quick, even rhythm.
Velocity looked over their shoulder, out the passenger side window. A shadowed reflection stared back at them from the glass. They chewed their bottom lip, just once, then shifted, leaning their elbow up against the window and cupping their chin.
“Ever heard of tact?”
A spear of bruising static careened through Jhansi’s interior space.
She whined, “I’m just trying to understand.”
Velocity nodded.
“So are we, dude.”
Ugh.
Again.
What a stupid bitch.
The spear of static stabbed straight through her.
Jhansi scowled.
She crossed her arms and leaned back in her seat. 
Would she really let the conversation end like this?
Well.
Oren and Velocity had gotten mad at her again.
Did she really want to piss them off more?
No.
But.
She still understood so little about this game.
Maybe a redirect would do the trick?
Jhansi leaned forward.
“What happens if you guys consume a memory card?”
Oren and Velocity stayed silent.
Anxiety swelled in Jhansi’s chest.
Fuck.
The corner of Oren’s mouth lifted the barest degree.
He sighed.
“We get bonus shares for our gift.”
Jhansi blinked.
“Gift?”
The word felt good in her mouth.
She thought for a moment.
“You used that phrase earlier.”
She looked between Oren and Velocity.
“Is that like a special power or something?”
Oren’s smile widened by a degree.
“Exactly.”
Fucking score.
Back on track.
Oren continued.
“It's a power we can't use ourselves. It has to be shared.”
Jhansi leaned forward.
“How’s that work?”
Oren’s smile cracked fully into a grin.
“It’s complicated.”
Jhansi nodded.
“Of course it is.”
Oren gestured as he talked.
“Every special one has a mask. Put on your mask, get access to your gift. Gifts are shared through touch. I grab your hand and push. My gift fills you up. It changes you.”
He paused.
“For a moment.”
Fascinating.
Jhansi tilted her head.
“Changes you how?”
Velocity joined.
“In so many cool ways.”
Oren smirked. He turned to look at Velocity. His eyes lingered for a long moment. He said nothing.
Jhansi said, “And you have to consume memory cards in order to share your gift?”
Oren shook his head.
“Shares charge gradually over time. More quickly when you’re fighting. A killswing usually imparts a full share. Shares charged like this are your natural shares. They’ll be your most powerful, and there’s a refractory period between uses. Consuming a memory card or getting a killswing will usually resolve a refractory period. You can charge your natural shares up to a maximum threshold, and can never have more than that.”
He paused.
“Usually.”
Right.
Always a caveat.
Oren held up a finger.
“And! There are also bonus shares. These are shares charged up above the threshold. They’re less powerful, but they can be used back to back, without a cooldown. Bonus shares are charged when you consume memory cards while your threshold of natural shares is full. Bonus shares are always used before natural shares.”
Oren waved his hand.
“It's hard to know how many shares you’ll get from any given memory card–it depends on the strength of your gift, the strength of the contents of the memory card, and some unknown factors besides–but you’ll always know how many shares you’ve got charged up.”
Genuinely fascinating.
Jhansi said, “Is there like a HUD or something?”
Oren laughed and shook his head.
“No. You just know. You can–”
He gestured at himself.
“–feel it inside you.”
Uh-huh.
Jhansi said, “Is there a limit to how many memory cards you can consume?”
Oren shook his head.
“Nope. You can consume as many as you want.”
He held up a finger.
“But at some point you’ll get giftsick.”
Jhansi repeated the word.
“Giftsick?”
Oren nodded.
“Heinous shit will start happening when you try to share your gift. With anyone, regardless of your relationship. Anything can go wrong.”
He paused.
“If you’re reckless, you can permanently fuck up your gift.”
Wow.
Jhansi said, “Fuck.”
Velocity said, “Yeah.”
They made a face.
“Real grody shit.”
Jhansi looked at them.
“Right.”
She paused.
What did she want to learn next?
She reprocessed her current understanding.
“Okay. Egaeus creates endlings to live in His service. They fight for memory cards, hoping to please Egaeus and rise in rank. Alterlings are former endlings. They fight for memory cards in order to grow and survive. You guys–special ones–are also former endlings. You fight for memory cards to sustain your gift, and to create new special ones.”
Oren nodded.
“Special ones are born from the previous night’s new-game-plus rituals, which can be performed on endlings or alterlings. Anything with a memory card.”
Jhansi nodded quickly, then slowly, then shook her head.
“Hang on.”
She looked between Oren and Velocity.
“You’ve got a memory card inside you too, right?”
She paused.
“It’s just like, crushed up or something?”
Oren nodded.
“Yep, special ones have memory cards too. They’re not crushed up. They’re just–”
He thought for a moment, then shrugged.
“–different, from how they were before.”
He ran a hand through his hair.
“I don't think anyone can spend time on the netherlume shift without a memory card.”
Velocity raised their eyebrows at Oren.
Pointed, but okay.
Jhansi said, “So you can consume each other’s memory cards?”
Velocity whirled on Jhansi.
They loomed, shadowed against the dark sky outside, backlit by the headlights and glowing shifter. They gripped the side of their seat, fingers digging into the upholstery. Their expression menaced beneath their makeup.
Jhansi’s eyes went wide.
She instinctively backed away.
Velocity’s teeth flashed.
“What?”
What?
Jhansi blinked.
“What what?”
Velocity stared at her.
“That’s what's important to you?”
For fuck’s sake.
What the fuck had she done this time?
Jhansi leaned further back and put up her hands.
“Hey, no.”
She shook her head.
“No, it's not imp–”
Oren interrupted.
“You’re talking about kineating.”
Velocity whirled toward Oren.
Oren paused.
He looked at Velocity, then back toward the road.
He shrugged.
“Yeah, we can consume each other's memory cards. It works exactly the same as consuming any other memory card, so …”
He gestured, leaving the thought unfinished.
For what felt like the thousandth time, Jhansi repeated a word.
“Kineating.”
Another awful feeling.
Jhansi raised her eyebrows.
“And nothing grody happens?”
Velocity turned sharply back toward Jhansi.
“That really depends on what feels grody to you.”
Ugh.
Jhansi gestured.
“I’m just trying to understand!”
Oren said, “What happens is, you get ostracized.”
Jhansi looked at him, then back and forth between both teenagers.
“That's … fair.”
Velocity scoffed.
“Sure.”
Oren shot a glance at Velocity.
“She's just trying to understand.”
Velocity made a face.
“That is what she said.”
They raised their eyebrows.
“You believe her?”
Oren opened his mouth.
He hesitated.
Okay now what the fuck?
Jhansi said, “I’m right here.”
What had she done wrong this time?
“I really am trying!”
Velocity glared.
“You’re trying something.”
Oh come on.
Jhansi crossed her arms.
“I didn’t fucking ask for this.”
Velocity gave her a dry smile.
“No?”
Oren snapped, “Velocity.”
Velocity matched his tone.
“What, Oren?”
Oren paused.
He ran a hand through his hair.
He said, in a more even tone, “Do you really think she's going to try to kill us?”
Wait.
What?
What the fuck?
Jhansi said, “Hold–”
Velocity talked over her.
“Oren. This is completely fucked up. I don’t know what to think. Do you? Do you think you’ll get what you want tonight by–”
They gestured at Jhansi.
“–believing everyone you meet?”
Oren didn’t reply.
Excuse me?
Had they thought of her as a bad guy this whole fucking time?
Static flickered around the perimeter of Jhansi’s interior space.
She waited.
She kept waiting.
A nebulite flashed overhead.
Then another.
Jhansi counted five before Oren replied.
“No, Velocity.”
He shook his head.
“I don’t think I’ll get anything I want tonight.”
He took his eyes off the road to stare at Velocity.
“Might as well be kind about it.”
Velocity growled.
They threw themselves back against their seat, crossed their arms, and stared pointedly out the passenger side window.
Jhansi looked between Oren and Velocity, once, then turned to look out her own window.
Nobody said anything further.
So.
What the hell?
What the entire hell had happened here?
Had she gone crazy?
Oren and Velocity hadn't exactly said or done anything to inspire different feelings.
Oren had tried to help, at least, but … help with what?
An understanding? Of the rules? Of this game?
It seemed like a game, at least, even though Oren and Velocity had acted cagey about so much of it. Because they didn't know everything? Maybe. Or maybe they just wanted to poke fun at a stupid, naive girl. Maybe they just wanted to make her feel small and ignorant.
Not that it took much work.
Ugh.
Fucking pathetic.
Clearly they had their own shit going on. Why couldn’t she think about other people for once? The world didn’t fucking revolve around her.
Clearly.
She didn’t even belong here.
Oren and Velocity both seemed to agree on that.
As if Binyelum would see her any differently.
They’d probably just feel annoyed, having a useless anomaly thrust into their lap.
She didn't have any swords or gifts or cool clothes or any of the knowledge that these other teenagers had.
She had literally nothing to offer.
What a fucking loser.
A familiar pit opened in Jhansi's interior space. A revolting feeling. It sucked at all the color, pulling it someplace she couldn’t go, leaving behind a sickening ache. What could she do? The pit yawned and sighed, swelling with hunger. She couldn’t fill it. She couldn’t ignore it. She couldn’t force it to close. It grew. Her stomach began to hurt.
No way would she let herself cry.
She wanted so badly to belong here.
Fucking.
Stupid.
Needy.
Brat.
She grasped for a pillar of static at the back of her interior space.
She wanted so badly to just fucking belong here.
One more thing she’d never fucking get.
She knew it, and still she’d allowed herself to get all fucking worked up.
Idiot.
Even now she couldn’t stop daydreaming.
It would feel so fucking good.
Showing off, a sick-as-hell audacious teenager fighting monsters and saving the fucking world. If she got to pick, what kind of sword would she want? Probably an actual sword. She would parry and lunge, a nimble acrobat, killing with a flourish, like how Oren had taken down that endling, but even cooler still.
What wouldn't she give to feel that? To have an experience like these other teens? To get to show up and have everyone marvel at her spellbinding confidence and competence? To always know exactly what to say, to effortlessly make friends, to have everyone find her attractive?
The pit opened wider, sucking at more than just the color. Fixtures came unmoored. Jhansi felt them tumble away into that unreachable place. The ache spread upward, throbbing in her chest, in her arms, in her throat.
Pathetic.
She knew better.
She didn't belong here.
Would it ever fucking sink in?
Needy fucking bitch, yearning to belong.
Weak.
The ache gnawed.
She smashed her hands against the pillar of static. The pain carved deep patterns. Her teeth ground together. She forced her palms against the blistering voltage and held them there. Sparks seared, detached, bounded away, flickering as they fell into the gaping pit.
It spasmed, choking on the live static. 
What else could she do?
She couldn’t run from it.
Not in there, and not out in the world.
The world where she would apparently fucking die.
She smashed her hands against the pillar again, sending more sparks careening.
What the hell had she done to deserve this anyway? She’d only wanted an escape. Just like any other night. Or every other night. And now she had to fucking die about it?
Everyone had to die.
Not just her.
Her doom didn't make her special.
Nothing made her special.
Jhansi swung her hands toward the pillar once more, then caught herself.
Actually, something did make her special.
She didn’t belong here. And yet. Here she had ended up.
Why?
Had something called her here?
Maybe.
Maybe they needed her.
Oren and Velocity had insisted that every last special one dies at the end of the netherlume shift. But they didn't know all the rules. Nobody had ever survived, but that didn’t mean nobody could.
Had Jhansi just figured out where she fit into the puzzle?
Maybe she had some inherent quality that disrupted the natural order of this world, something that could overturn the laws of the netherlume shift.
Maybe Jhansi alone could survive.
Maybe she alone could beat Egaeus.
Maybe she alone could save everyone.
Jhansi couldn't think of any other explanation.
She didn't share anything in common with these other teenagers, and she sure as shit hadn't come here as a bad guy.
A fucking endling.
So.
Jhansi, the ultrarare specialing.
The Chosen One.
Jhansi chuckled darkly.
Stupid.
Stupid stupid stupid.
Why couldn’t she accept that nothing would ever make her special?
At least the pit began to close.
Mambele slowed and Jhansi looked up from her reverie.

Jhansi Aur - Encounter I End

Kills
0001 - blue endlings - Oren
0001 - blue endlings - Velocity
0000 - Jhansi

Shares
0000 - Oren
0000 - Velocity
0000 - Jhansi

Duration: 15 minutes

Rank: Jelly Star
