Jhansi Aur - Encounter IV
[???? MINUTES REMAINING]
Lunar Terminator @ ?.??% Luminosity

A thundering two-story monstrosity bore down on the food court, its massive body indiscriminately smashing apart kiosks and crossways.
Clouds of debris and shrapnel swelled in its wake.
Oh.
Fuck.
The alterling stood atop eight long legs, easily cresting the third floor of the food court. The monster had no other limbs. Its horseshoe-shaped body had the structure and topography of a rocky island, covered in soft moss. A thin membrane of brilliant blue water hovered suspended in the middle of the horseshoe. It sloshed with each heavy footfall, the shape of it curving and distending, but never spilling. Large jellyfish bounced and swayed in the water, their trailing tentacles dancing with the alterling’s gait. Intermittent bursts of energy arced between several large metallic pylons that jutted at odd angles from the monster’s body. Something like a spiraling airlock glared from the center of the body’s curve. Inert pistons protruded upward and downward from the space behind the airlock.
What the fuck.
Binyelum said, “Nope.”
They turned to the Asterlings.
Everyone took off running.
Nancy yanked Jhansi to her feet and pelted away in almost the same breath.
Dr. Chef and Sir Whack-a-knight followed.
Jhansi clutched her canvas bag against her chest and ran with all her might.
Holy fuck.
What the fuck?!
Corpses lined her vision.
One loomed directly in front of her.
A supine blue endling with its chest cavity completely annihilated.
Jhansi stumbled in.
Her foot smashed through gore and crunched against the monster’s spine.
Jhansi stumbled out.
Binyelum called, “Fuck! The goo!”
They pulled to the left.
Everyone ran to follow.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck!
Everyone could run so much faster than her!
Even Sebastian!
The alterling closed in on the food court.
Jhansi passed out from beneath the glass shelves.
The alterling smashed into the food court.
The glass held.
But.
The supports didn’t.
Fuck.
Concrete buckled.
Fuck!
The shelves collapsed.
Oh fuck!
Each blasted against the other.
Shit!
The corpses within liquified.
Fuck!
A roiling rush of air shoved Jhansi forward.
Oh fuck!
The sound hurt.
Fuck!
Jhansi’s ears popped.
Shit!
The anchors for the first floor glass shelf groaned.
Oh fuck no.
The alterling clambered up and over the wreckage.
Fuck!
The hanging spiral sculptures shattered.
Oh fuck.
The debris smashed down and tumbled rolling off the stacked shelves.
Fuck!
Run!
Motherfucker!
Jhansi’s heart felt close to bursting.
Fuck!
Something in the structure of the building snapped.
No.
The alterling pounded forward.
The first floor glass shelf separated from the building.
All three shelves slipped from view.
Holy motherfucking shit.
Binyelum laughed.
Of course they did.
The sound of the glass hitting the river shook Jhansi’s bowels.
A hollow moan detonation reverberated across the water.
The water warped, heaved, and erupted upward.
Tendrils of it reached up into the hollow of the mall.
They glittered in the nebulite.
What the fuck?!
Jhansi shouted, “What the fuck?!”
Binyelum yelled, “Fucking run!”
The alterling lurched and bucked.
The water membrane stretched and distended.
Jellyfish tentacles grasped toward Jhansi.
Fuck!
Jhansi’s legs felt combusted.
Oren looked back at her, briefly.
She pleaded with her eyes.
Fuck!
They ran.
Kiosks and crossways loomed from the cloak.
Kiosks and crossways exploded behind them.
Don’t picture it.
Don’t picture it.
Don’t picture it.
Just run.
See?
There it is.
That bigass spiraling stairway near the entrance.
Right there.
Don’t look back.
And don’t picture it.
Nancy pulled ahead of Binyelum.
She smashed through the doorway to the vestibule.
She smashed through the doorway to the outside.
Binyelum.
Oren.
Velocity.
Sebastian.
Dr. Chef.
Sir Whack-a-knight.
Jhansi.
The cold air whipped against her face.
Dr. Chef and Sir Whack-a-knight turned away from the Asterlings.
Their silhouettes disappeared into the eastern parking garage.
What?
Stupid.
The facade of the mall exploded behind her.
Dark stone, marble, and massive manufactured letters smashed down onto the cement.
Something crushing bounced hard a meter from Jhansi.
She wet herself again.
A ringing whine swept the parking lot.
What the fuck?
Jhansi looked back.
The alterling turned toward the parking garage.
It smashed its body into the cement structure.
Shattering debris rained.
The monster bucked its head.
The water membrane sloshed across the bottom two levels of the structure.
A shrill scream cut through.
Fuck!
The alterling dismounted from the parking garage.
Sir Whack-a-knight writhed in the grip of a jellyfish.
They screamed again.
They pulled against the tentacles gripping their limbs.
The tentacles pulled back.
Sir Whack-a-knight’s body went taut, all four limbs stretched wide, body splayed open and defenseless.
The dark shape said, {“What an aesthetic.”}
Another tentacle wrapped around Sir Whack-a-knight’s neck.
Then squeezed.
Sir Whack-a-knight screamed louder.
They bucked their hips.
The desperate flailing availed nothing.
The tentacle squeezed harder.
Sir Whack-a-knight’s screaming pitched up an octave.
Their neck burst in a splatter of red blood.
A killchime sounded.
Sir Whack-a-knight's body went limp.
They stopped screaming.
The jellyfish drifted toward the airlock in the center of the alterling’s body
The airlock snapped open.
The jellyfish stuffed Sir Whack-a-knight’s corpse into the orifice.
The body's arms and legs bent at awkward angles against the opening.
The jellyfish snapped the uncooperative pieces until everything fit.
Red blood smeared all its tentacles.
The airlock snapped closed.
The pistons above and below the alterling's body began to churn.
Holy fuck.
Holy fuck.
Holy what they fuck?!
Another high-pitched whine rang out.
The alterling turned toward the Asterlings.
It began to gallop across the parking lot.
Oh.
Fuck.
Snot filled Jhansi’s nose.
Had she started crying?
What?!
No!
Stupid!
Shut the fuck up with that right the fuck now!
Static exploded to life around the perimeter of Jhansi’s interior space.
Fuck!
Not now!
Fuck!
Jhansi looked back.
She couldn’t stop herself.
The alterling flashed a kaleidoscopic grid of discordant colors.
The airlock snapped open.
A new jellyfish drifted out into the bucking curves of the water membrane.
What?!
The?!
Fuck?!
Velocity called, “The Island of Dr. Oh No.”
Sebastian shouted, “What the fuck?!”
Jhansi choked on a laugh that stumbled into a sob.
Fuck.
Bastard.
What the fuck?!
Jhansi’s canvas bag banged against her back.
Fuck!
She swung her arms harder.
The edge of the parking lot loomed.
Binyelum disappeared over the lip of the drainage ditch.
The rest of the Asterlings followed, all of them scrambling into Mambele.
Fuck.
Mambele.
Jhansi crested the drainage ditch, flew down the incline, and dived through the open driver's side door of the sedan.
Like crossing a sanctuary threshold.
Her cheek bashed against Sebastian's barbell.
Fuck!
Binyelum pulled on the driver's side door and reached for the shifter.
A grid of nine metallic rods extruded from the center console, each glowing a slightly different shade of purple, each fixed with a small handle at the tip.
Bineylum pulled the clutch trigger, slammed the top six rods fully into their housing, and stepped on the accelerator.
Mambele roared into reverse. Her tires chewed through the mud. Everyone tilted forward. The sedan mounted the incline and bounced onto asphalt.
Binyelum spun the steering wheel.
Mambele whipped around.
Each of her windows captured in snapshot the growing silhouette of the IDON.
Shit!
Jhansi’s forehead banged against Sebastian's barbell.
Fuck!
Bineylum pulled the clutch trigger, reconfigured the rods, and sent Mambele screeching forward.
Jhansi tried to stifle a sob.
Binyelum checked the driver's side mirror.
They laughed.
“Holy shit!”
They glanced over their shoulder.
“Pejudo lo anmo!”
Jhansi realized she sat in Sebastian’s lap.
He didn't seem to have noticed.
He stared out the rearview window.
Everyone but Binyelum did.
The IDON smashed onto the asphalt and began to pick up speed.
Fucking.
Goddamn.
Sonofabitch.
Velocity said, “Sonofabitch.”
They paused.
“We’re gonna fucking die.”
Oren said, “Bineylum.”
He paused, then shook his head and gestures.
“What the fuck?”
Binyelum laughed again.
“I have no fucking idea.”
They looked in the rearview mirror.
The IDON ran with its head held low. The water membrane sloshed violently. Jellyfish tentacles dragged against the roadway.
Sebastian despaired, “It’s so fucking fast.”
Binyelum glanced around at everyone.
“Don’t panic.”
They nodded.
“Think with me.”
They held up one finger.
“We can’t outrun it.”
They held up a second finger.
“We can’t fight it head on.”
They held open their palm.
“What can we do?”
Hang on.
Jhansi said, “What about your gift?”
Bineylum shook their head.
“Not a chance. No fucking telling what other bullshit that thing can do.”
They snorted.
“I don’t wanna give our new friend the chance to show off their hidden talents–”
They gestured at their chest.
“–and steal the show.”
Ugh.
Another laugh that turned into a sob.
Sebastian looked at Jhansi.
His unfocused eyes stared through her at something a thousand miles away.
Fair.
Oren said, “We’re smaller than it.”
He gestured.
“We can fit places that it can’t.”
Binyelum snapped their fingers.
“That’s good.”
They held up a finger.
“But where? It’s got sonar to find us, and that water membrane can reach into some pretty deep crevices.”
Velocity giggled.
“Me too.”
Binyelum laughed.
What?
How?
Jhansi looked over her shoulder.
The IDON kept accelerating.
Its churning legs punctured the asphalt, each impact drawing the alterling further out from the cloak.
Velocity said, “It didn’t climb the parking structure. It just smashed into it.”
They paused.
“If we can get up high enough, in a building it can’t just fucking knock over, like a downtown office tower …”
They let the thought speak for itself.
Binyelum nodded slowly.
“That’s good, but not ideal. I don’t think we’d be able to get high enough, fast enough.”
They paused.
“And I’m not convinced that every office tower is safe from that thing.”
They fell silent.
Fuck.
Think, Jhansi.
Fucking think.
She knew the city so well.
Landmarks and granular details alike.
Where could they go?
Where the fuck could they go?
Come on!
Come the fuck on?!
Ultrarare otherling.
Jhansi couldn’t do it.
She couldn’t fucking picture the city she knew during the day.
At all.
Fuck.
Why?
Fuck!
It looked the exact same as this place.
Didn’t it?
What did she remember about the netherlume shift?
Jhansi pictured the wide rectangle of the 7-11 parking lot. She traced in her mind the drive to The Rescue, and then to the Washington Center. She thought about the view from the tower. The cloak had annihilated everything familiar. She remembered imagining the ambient shape of the highways after Sebastian’s comment, but that didn’t help. Then back down. Back into Mambele. Dr. Satelleyez mentioned the bridge during their drive to–
The bridge.
Jhansi shouted, “The bridge!”
Binyelum perked up.
“What?”
Jhansi leaned forward.
“The bridge is up!”
She pointed at the radio.
“Dr. Satelleyez said.”
Binyelum blinked.
They glanced at her.
“Holy fuck.”
They squeezed the steering wheel.
“Good girl.”
Fuck!
What?!
Jhansi blushed.
Velocity said, “How’s that help? Drowning is an easier death?”
Jhansi snorted.
“I honestly have no fucking idea.”
Binyelum nodded.
“This will work.”
They looked toward Nancy.
“Killer, you’re gonna get hurt.”
Nancy blinked impassively.
She gave Binyelum a thumb’s up.
Binyelum added, “Twice.”
Nancy raised her other thumb.
Binyelum smiled.
They looked in the rearview mirror.
“Sebastian.”
Sebastian had returned to staring out the rearview window.
He said nothing.
Binyelum repeated, “Sebastian!”
Sebastian started. He turned around. It took a moment for his eyes to focus on Binyelum.
He shook his head.
“Shit, yeah.”
He shook his head harder.
“Sorry. What?”
Binyelum’s eyes hardened.
“We need you here, Sebastian.”
Sebastian nodded.
“Yeah, I know. Sorry. I’m here.”
Binyelum shook their head.
They spoke gently.
“We need you all the way here. Halfway isn’t enough. We need you here.”
They gestured around the cabin.
“All of us. Can you be here for all of us?”
Sebastian blinked.
He looked around, to each of the Asterlings in turn.
At last his eyes landed on Jhansi.
He blinked again, as though finally realizing that she had ended up in his lap.
He looked back at Binyelum.
“Yeah. Yes. Yeah. I’m here.”
He nodded.
“I’m here. What do you need?”
Binyelum nodded.
“Good. I knew we could count on you.”
They paused.
“We’re going to get away from that thing, but Nancy’s going to get hurt in the process. Not gently. She’s going to need you to share your gift the moment we’re safe. Do you understand?”
Sebastian blinked.
He looked at Nancy.
She stared back at him.
Sebastian said, “The moment?”
Binyelum nodded again.
“You’ll know it.”
Sebastian and Nancy continued to stare at each other.
Sebastian said, “Okay.”
He turned to Binyelum.
“Yeah. I can do that.”
Binyelum reached back to slap Sebastian’s knee.
“Yeah you fucking can.”
They glanced at Jhansi in the rearview mirror.
“Okay, Jhansi.”
Fuck.
Jhansi nodded.
“Yes!”
Binyelum chuckled.
“I’m not back up to my baseline, and I’m gonna need both shares for this. Now’s your chance to shine.”
They grinned.
Sharp canines flashed.
“Feed me.”
Jhansi stared at the expectant appendage.
Bineyelum waggled their fingers.
“C’mon.”
Jhansi blinked.
“Uh.”
She peered into her canvas bag.
“Well.”
She grabbed a larger shard from inside the bag and placed it in Bineylum’s palm.
Binyelum’s fingers closed.
They felt along the irregular edges of the shard.
They paused, the silence drowning all other sound.
Fuck.
Binyelum said, “Jhansi, what is this?”
Static threatened.
Cautiously, Jhansi said, “It’s a piece of a memory card,” adding an upward lilt to the end of the sentence and immediately cringing at the obvious desperation.
Binyelum asked, with forced composure, “Jhansi, why am I holding a piece of a memory card?”
Frantic, Jhansi explained, “Well, when I hit Dr. Chef–”
Velocity said, “Dr. Chef!”
Jhansi continued.
“–in the face with my bag, all the memory cards broke.”
Binyelum let out a long, low sigh.
Sebastian shouted, “See? I fucking told you!”
He looked around at everyone.
“She’s fucking trying to sabotage us!”
Static erupted around the perimeter of Jhansi’s interior space. She knew she should retreat. Adrenaline kept her forward. Her teeth ground together as voltage arced across her body.
Velocity said, “You fucking dumbass, the hell kind of sabotage is this? She’s gonna die too.”
Jhansi blinked at them.
Holy shit.
They had legitimately come to her defense.
More or less.
Binyelum said, “Quiet.”
Sebastian opened his mouth, but snapped it shut in response to Velocity’s wide, slightly manic gaze.
Jhansi shook her head.
She said to Binyelum, “Isn’t that piece big enough to get you what you need?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“That’s not how it works. You have to consume the whole memory card.”
Fuck.
Jhansi swallowed.
She examined the mess in her canvas bag. Dozens of shards glittered back at her. She tried to tell which pieces might fit together, but as she stared at the jumbled fragments her brain only homogenized their distinctions. Static continued flickering through her interior space.
“Uh.”
She looked back up at Binyelum.
“What if I give you enough pieces so that–”
Binyelum interrupted, speaking slowly.
“The whole memory card, Jhansi.”
They added, “You can’t mix and match.”
Jhansi stared down into her canvas bag.
Fuck.
A spear of static lanced straight through her neck.
She pleaded, “Can I just give you the whole bag?”
Binyelum paused.
Jhansi looked up.
Binyelum quietly grumbled, “No.”
Jhansi furrowed her brows.
“But–”
Binyelum interrupted again.
“I get giftsick.”
They sighed.
“Easily.”
Jhansi blinked.
The roar of static through her interior space diminished to a low hum.
She had no idea what to say.
Velocity and Sebastian both looked at Binyelum, eyebrows raised almost identically. Oren looked between Velocity and Sebastian, his mouth flat and eyes searching. Nancy leaned against the door, her gaze flicking casually across everyone.
At last Jhansi said, “I, um. I’m sorry?”
Binyelum gave a strange laugh.
“Save the apology until we’re getting strangled by jellyfish.”
Fuck.
Jhansi whirled to look through the rear windshield.
The alterling continued to gain.
Binyelum said, “I need you to focus, Jhansi.”
Jhansi whipped back around.
Binyelum’s eyes burned white hot in the rearview mirror.
“We all need you to focus.”
Jhansi swallowed.
She nodded.
Biyelum said, “We need you to assemble an entire memory card by the time we reach the bridge.”
Jhansi nodded again.
Binyelum said, “If you don’t, we’re going to die.”
Fuck.
Jhansi stared at the twin pinpoints of heat glaring at her from the rearview mirror and nodded a final time.
Binyelum said, “Good girl.”
Jhansi blushed.
She grabbed the shard from Binyelum’s palm and turned the whole of her attention to her canvas bag.
A snapping peal of thunder signaled resurging static.
She had done this.
She had to fix it.
Jhansi’s left hand shook as she plunged it into the canvas bag. Her fingers grasped wildly, seizing the first shard they could find. She held it up alongside the shard she’d handed to Binyelum. Side by side, the two shards looked like nothing more than abstract shapes.
How in the goddamned hell could she possibly reassemble an entire fucking memory card?
A howl pierced up through the roaring static.
Binyelum said, “Okay. How far are we from the bridge?”
Jhansi looked up compulsively. She peered around, searching for any identifiable landmarks. The vague suggestions of buildings rushed past, barely visible beyond the reach of Mambele’s headlights.
Bineylum said, “Not you, princess. No distractions.”
Jhansi blinked.
She returned to her task.
The shards in her grasp winked at her as Mambele passed beneath a nebulite.
Should she put one of them back before digging out another?
That didn’t make sense.
Should she sort all the pieces based on size?
That kind of thing helped with jigsaw puzzles, right?
She reached once more into the canvas bag.
Mambele hurled through another intersection.
Velocity said, “I think that was 77th?”
Oren shouted, “Duet!”
He leaned forward and pointed through the windshield.
Jhansi looked up.
A squad of endlings in black uniforms loomed out of the darkness. Maybe a dozen blue endlings, three red endlings, and two green endlings. They filled the road, marching away from Mambele. They turned as the glare of Mambele’s headlights poured over them, snarls curling across their mouths in unison.
Binyelum yelled, “Shit!”
They floored the accelerator, pulled the handbrake, and spun the steering wheel hard to the left. Jhansi felt the weight inside the car shift toward the front. The rear lifted slightly. Mambele spun almost a hundred and eighty degrees in the middle of the road.
The canvas bag shifted in her lap, but the weight of the fire extinguisher held it down.
Holy shit.
Thank fuck.
Nancy leaned out the window as Mambele spun, holding her ax with both hands, tracing a killcolored semicircle through the air. A blue endling’s head separated cleanly from its body in a shower of orange blood. The spray coated the top half of Nancy’s body and splattered the side of the sedan. Nancy ducked back inside, the blood disappearing off her as she reentered the cabin.
Mambele slowed. Binyelum released the handbrake and shifted the car back into a lower gear, quickly navigating through the gears as Mambele accelerated. They drove back the way they’d come, straight toward the charging alterling.
Sebastian shouted, “Binyelum what the fuck!”
Velocity shouted, “Dude we’re gonna fucking die!”
They roared toward the intersection.
Oren shouted, “Duet we’re not going to make it!”
Binyelum grinned. Their knuckles went white on the steering wheel. They leaned forward, lifting their ass off the seat, their entire weight on the accelerator. Their leer stretched as far as Jhansi could see.
They said, “We’re gonna make it.”
They shifted their weight onto the brake, keeping their other foot on the accelerator, and spun the steering wheel to the left again, this time drifting without the handbrake. Jhansi felt weightless for a moment, a body in space suspended delicately within Mambele’s chassis, in perfect equilibrium amidst the world rushing past. She clung to her canvas bag. Mambele’s tires screeched. The sedan curved through the intersection. The alterling swung its head, sweeping the intersection with its water membrane. The liquid rushed over the asphalt, missing Mambele’s trunk by a margin Jhansi couldn’t even see.
Binyelum screamed, “Fuck!”
They pounded the steering wheel.
“Yes!”
They laughed.
They stepped off the brake and shifted into a higher gear.
They pulled away from the intersection.
The alterling stumbled over itself, the forward points of its horseshoe body smashing into the ground, gouging up asphalt. Its water membrane sloshed forward. A vanguard jellyfish snatched up an unlucky endling.
Velocity shouted, “Enjoy the buffet!”
Binyelum shook their head.
“Doubt it.”
The alterling scrambled, righting itself and lurching down the road after them.
Velocity squeezed the upholstery.
“Pejudo!”
Jhansi said, “What the fuck? There were like twenty fucking endlings back there, why’s it still after us?”
Binyelum smiled.
“We taste better.”
They drifted left around the next corner, onto a wide avenue split down the middle by the city’s light rail line, StARS. Binyelum drove Mambele down the wrong side of the street. They picked up speed. The corner of the brick building behind them exploded. The alterling rounded the corner, the forward points of its horseshoe body tearing through the structure. A brick battered Mambele’s trunk. Another high-pitched sonar squeal sounded.
Blue nebulites emanated from beneath the awning of a StARS station ahead of them. Mambele rushed past. The alterling ran down the light rail tracks. It smashed the small building to smithereens. Shrapnel twinkled in the air, bouncing off the alterling’s stone body. The nebulites winked out. The alterling gained again.
Binyelum said, “Which StARS station was that?”
Jhansi said, “77th? I think?”
Twenty-two blocks to the bridge.
Binyelum said, “Head down, princess. Focus. Memory card.”
Shit.
Jhansi pulled another shard from her canvas bag. And another. And another. Her shaking hands filled with shrapnel. She squeezed the pieces reflexively, their sharp edges digging into her skin. She still had no fucking idea what to do about them.
The howling in her interior space pitched upward, drowning out the raging static.
Her throat constricted.
She began seeing double.
How much time did she have?
Jhansi turned to look through the rear windshield again. The alterling looked unbelievably eerie, pursuing them without a sound, save for the hammering of its feet into the ground. Each of its legs ended in a sharpened point. They punctured the asphalt with every step the monster took. The muscles of its legs distended and contracted rhythmically, accepting the alterling’s incredible weight and then contracting and pistoning to launch the thing forward.
The captured endling’s body twitched helplessly in the tentacles of its captor jellyfish, giving up what remained of its life as the jellyfish squeezed harder. The jellyfish had drifted toward the rear center of the alterling’s horseshoe body. The tentacles dangling around the atlerling’s beak reached and grabbed hold of its prey. They systematically tore apart the body and fed the pieces into the beak. Orange blood smeared the monster’s jaws and dribbled to the asphalt.
The Dark Shape said, Why aren’t you like that?
Blood pounded in Jhansi’s ears.
They rushed past the StARS station on 66th.
Eleven blocks to the bridge.
Oren shouted, “Binyelum, we’re still eleven blocks from the bridge! We’re not going to make it! Maybe you can go for the legs, or I can get a couple of us up on top of its body and–”
Binyelum interrupted.
“Deathwish. Don’t despair. We’re going to make it.”
The StARS station exploded behind them.
Only ten blocks to the bridge.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Sebastian shouted, “Jhansi’s not ready!”
Goddamned mother fuck.
Oren offered a hand and said, “Can I help?”
Jhansi shook her head.
Velocity laughed and said, “We’re gonna fucking die.”
Jhansi shook her head again.
Binyelum said, “Jhansi’s got it. Leave her be.”
Jhansi looked up.
Nancy stared at her with an indecipherable expression.
The soft pink of a nebulite flickered through the cabin.
Nancy nodded.
Jhansi blinked.
She nodded back.
She looked down into her canvas bag one final time.
The gazes of her friends scorched her mind.
The howling within her interior space screamed with unhinged mania.
She would fail, and they would all die.
They believed in her, but she just couldn’t do it.
She pictured each of them struggling futilely against the grasping arms of those awful jellyfish, glaring at her as their movements weakened, as death closed in, their final thoughts devoted to Jhansi’s pathetic failure, before the alterling pulled apart their bodies and stuffed them into its maw.
No.
No fucking way would I let that happen to my friends.
The howling swallowed everything else, blanketing Jhansi’s interior space in a vast silence.
The world outside Jhansi narrowed to a pinpoint.
Each of the shards in her canvas bag shone with diamond brightness.
She could see nothing else.
Two of the shards in her hand could fit together. The largest piece comprised the bottom left portion of a memory card. A smaller piece would fit into place as the top right corner of the same memory card. Empty space separated the two pieces. Two small triangular pieces and a longer quadrilateral piece would form the rest of the memory card.
Jhansi could see the shards she needed.
She could do it.
She had no room for error, but she could do it.
Time slowed.
Each movement took a lifetime.
She planned them perfectly.
She dropped the extraneous pieces from her hand, and with the other reached into the canvas bag.
Sebastian shouted, “Jhansi!”
Binyelum shouted, “Sebastian!”
Jhansi delicately grabbed one shard between her index and middle fingers, and flipped it down into her palm, where she held it with her thumb.
Sebastian shouted, “It’s right fucking there!”
Binyelum shouted, “Breathe!”
Jhansi moved her hand and repeated the same motion, grabbing another shard.
Sebastian shouted, “People just don’t fucking love anymore!”
Binyelum shouted, “Believe!”
Jhansi felt her weight shifting. Sebastian grabbed onto her waist. Mambele drifted around the corner onto 55th. Jhansi watched the jostling shards at the bottom of her canvas bag, her gaze never faltering.
The roof of the building on the corner exploded.
Shrapnel battered Mambele.
The alterling pursued.
Mambele picked up speed, heading toward the bridge.
No time left.
Jhansi grabbed the final shard and flipped it into her palm.
She looked up.
“Binyelum!”
Binyelum reached back without a word.
Jhansi handed over the five shards of the memory card.
Binyelum stuffed the shards into their mouth. Their jaw pistoned. Jhansi heard the pieces of the memory card crunch between their teeth. They didn’t swallow.
Twin steel towers rose on either side of the roadway, marking the edge of the bridge. Brilliant golden nebulites illuminated the bottom of the structures, throwing wild shadows up through their crisscrossing architecture. The monolith of the bridge’s elevated span loomed ominously in space, barely visible beyond the reach of the nebulites. Beneath it stretched the dark expanse of the river.
The slender arm of the crossing gate rushed toward them, glowing like a beacon in the glare from Mambele’s headlights.
The alterling closed the distance behind them.
Jhansi felt someone grab her hand.
She squeezed as hard as she could.
Binyelum lifted themselves out of their seat, slammed their foot down on the accelerator, pulled the handbrake, and turned the steering wheel hard to the left.
Mambele’s tired screamed.
The crossing gate filled Jhansi’s vision.
Mambele’s weight shifted dramatically, driver’s side wheels leaving contact with the road.
The river swelled.
Nancy leaned out the window.
Binyelum grabbed the back of her neck.
Their fox ear headband pulsed and dimmed.
Nancy’s right arm exploded.
That massive, leering golden fox erupted from her broken limb.
It grinned, licked its lips, and smashed its face into the roadway.
Its features deformed like putty.
It stiffened.
It violently elongated.
The force lifted Nancy out of her seat, pushing her back inside Mambele and smashing her up against the ceiling of the cabin.
Pain etched itself across Nancy’s face.
Blood burst from her mouth.
Mambele lifted free of the roadway.
The sedan tilted as it soared through the air.
Jhansi’s canvas bag spilled glittering shards throughout the cabin.
She squeezed instinctively onto the hand she held.
The body of the alterling passed beneath them, close enough to touch beyond the window.
Jhansi stared at Binyelum.
She could see their eyes in the rearview mirror.
Breathtaking and completely insane.
Something hot and electric erupted inside Jhansi.
It ignited her heart, surged toward her brain, spilled from her throat.
She screamed, “Binyelum!”
Her entire body vibrated.
Mambele cleared the alterling’s body and careened down toward the roadway.
Binyelum swallowed the memory card still in their mouth.
Their fox ear headband glowed.
They yanked Nancy across their lap.
She reached her left arm out Binyelum’s window.
Binyelum shared their gift with her.
Nancy’s remaining arm exploded, unleashing another golden fox.
The creature smiled, embracing the roadway. The impact pushed Nancy again against the ceiling. The golden fox deformed, dispersing inertia and softening Mambele’s landing.
The sedan’s tires touched asphalt and carried them away from the river.
Binyelum released Nancy.
Sebastian reached forward, grabbed the back of her neck, and shared his gift with her.
Nancy’s arms regenerated in a golden spray of light.
Behind them, the alterling jettisoned its water membrane out into the river.
The force of the ejaculation kept the monster from falling into the river.
It turned and resumed its pursuit.
Jhansi grabbed the back of Binyelum’s seat with both hands.
“Oh my fucking God! Binyelum! That was fucking amazing!”
Sebastian kept his hand on the back of Nancy’s neck for a long moment.
She turned to look at him.
Velocity slapped Sebastian’s arm, and continued slapping everything within reach.
“Son of a fucking bitch!”
Oren looked through the rear windshield.
“That fucking thing’s still after us!”
Binyelum’s bright, ringing laugh filled the cabin.
“Pejudo lo anmo, what a night!”
Binyelum drifted Mambele around the next corner, back onto the avenue running parallel to the river.
Velocity stared out the rear windshield.
“That thing won’t fucking quit!”
Oren stared alongside them.
“Crazy that it could spit out that weird membrane like that. Wonder why it just didn’t do that in the first place.”
Binyelum said, “Probably takes a long time to regenerate.”
Oren nodded.
“Makes sense. Think we could go for the legs, now that it can’t scoop us up?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“It’s still chasing, so it’s probably got secondary defenses. No telling what the hell those are. And now it knows what my gift is, so even if we get close enough to take out a leg or two, it’ll be ready.”
Binyelum grinned.
“We just have to run like prey.”
Velocity laughed.
“We’re still gonna fucking die.”
Binyelum clicked their tongue.
“Not over ‘til it’s over. Now it can’t scoop us up. If we can squeeze in somewhere tight–”
Dr. Satelleyez’s radio jingle filled the cabin, the upbeat melody incongruous against the gravity of their situation.
Everyone blinked.
Velocity laughed again.
Dr. Satelleyez said, in her clear, luscious voice, “Hey babes.”
Goosebumps rose on Jhansi’s skin.
The doctor continued.
“Just a couple little updates for ya.
“More hard traffic down near the river. Something wicked came through Bridgemall. Shut down the food court. Big boy’s on the move. Run run run little rabbits. I know you can make it free.
“Silent night no more, little bedlights. Stars are coming out. Dazzle me.”
The radio went silent.
Oren said, “Wow.”
Velocity said, “Thanks mom,” drawing out the vowel sounds.
Jhansi said, “Holy shit! That’s us!”
Bineylum giggled.
“You’re a star, princess.”
Sebastian interrupted.
“Strawberri Eight.”
Everyone turned to look at him.
Even Binyelum, before quickly turning back to face the road.
Binyelum looked in the rearview mirror and said, “Strawberri Eight?”
Velocity opened their mouth, but Binyelum held up a finger.
Binyelum asked, “That building with the Adidas store?”
The Strawberri Eight Tower, a fixture of the St. Alëmskaan’machi waterfront skyline, had originally served the city as a Strawbridge & Clothier department store for the better part of sixty years before receiving its current denomination and occupants. Built during the mid-century postwar boom, the angular eight-story building had ingratiated itself as a symbol of community prosperity. In 1996 the May Department Stores Company acquired Strawbridge & Clothier and, in keeping with company tradition, left all stores operating under their original brand names. A decade later Federated Department Stores acquired the May Department Stores Company, intending to consolidate the company’s hundreds of disparately branded stores all under the Macy’s brand name. Renowned east coast entrepreneur Lib Saito purchased the St. Alëmskaan’machi Strawbridge & Clothier building from Federated Department Stores during the rebranding, renovating the interior to attract jobs in the meteoric technology industry. In accordance with Ms. Saito’s legendary frugality, the building derived its new denomination from a reorganization of the preexisting signage, with the i left in place of a y, because “it seemed like it suited the industry.”
Sebastian nodded.
“Yeah, the one with the Adidas store.”
Velocity gave him a look.
“Switching allegiances right before you die?”
Sebastian shook his head.
“No. That’s how we can escape.”
Velocity said, “I don’t think a pair of Ultraboosts will help us outrun that–”
Sebastian interrupted.
“There’s a tunnel.”
Binyelum turned for another brief moment.
They smiled into the rearview mirror.
“Well.”
They paused.
“I didn’t know that.”
Sebastian nodded.
“I don’t think a lot of people do. There’s a freight rail that runs underground, from the building to the docks. It was built back in like the forties or whatever, when the Strawberri Eight was a department store. Made it easy to transport all that furniture and shit. Especially since the building’s already so close to the waterfront.”
Binyelum’s smile expanded.
“How in the hell do you know this, Sebastian?”
Sebastian sighed, so softly that Jhansi could barely hear it.
He turned, looking past Jhansi out the window.
His gaze went unfocused, eyes reflecting the perpetual rush of ghostly building facades.
At last he said, “I learned about it.”
For a moment Binyelum didn’t reply.
They broke the silence with a shrug.
“Okay. Do you know where the entrance to the tunnel is?”
Sebastian’s focus snapped back.
“Yeah. You’re familiar with the Strawberri Eight?”
Binyelum gestured at the air.
“There’s those two big staircases on either side of the atrium, leading up to that mezzanine. The entrance to the Adidas store is on the mezzanine. That’s it.”
Sebastian nodded.
“Cool. If you stay on the ground floor and keep going back, there’s those two big glass elevators. If you turn left at the elevators, along the wall there’s a set of double doors, way fucking wider than seems normal. I think there’s a locked chain looped through the handles. Behind those doors, there’s a rickety ass elevator that’ll take you down into the tunnel.”
Binyelum squeezed the steering wheel.
“How wide is the shaft? How far is the drop? If we bust down the doors with my gift, can we squeeze in? Can we land safely?”
Sebastian nodded again.
“Mambele could for sure fit on the elevator. It’s like twelve feet down, I guess? Maybe a little more? Probably not a safe drop for a daytime car, but, y’know.”
Binyelum’s laugh sparkled.
“Fuck yes. We can do this. We can do this.”
They turned to look through the rear windshield.
They said to the alterling, “Do your fucking worst.”
Their eyes shot wide.
“Pejudo!”
They grabbed Nancy’s arm and pulled her across their lap.
Jhansi whipped around.
The alterling’s pylons glowed bright.
It hadn’t regenerated its water membrane or anything yet, so, what the fuck?
Jhansi looked back at Binyelum, just in time to watch their headband pulse and dim. Once again the golden fox head exploded from Nancy’s arm. It surged out the window, smashing face-first into the roadway, throwing asphalt into the air, again pressing Nancy into the ceiling of the cabin. Mambele lurched to the right.
The roadway to their left detonated. Asphalt battered the driver’s side of Mambele. A particularly large chunk cracked the glass right beside Jhansi’s face.
Jhansi screamed, “What the fuck was that?”
Nancy vomited.
Sebastian grabbed Nancy’s remaining arm and healed her.
He yelled, “Be fucking careful! Fucking warn me! I’ve only got one left!”
Nancy gave Sebastian a look.
Jhansi screamed again, “What the fuck just happened?”
She whipped around to stare out the rear windshield.
Oren said to Binyelum, “A ranged attack? The fuck is that thing?”
Jhansi stared at the pursuing alterling. Its pylons had dimmed again, but clearly they didn’t take long to recharge. She replayed in her mind the jump at the bridge, and the mechanics of what had happened began to click into place.
Binyelum said, “Technically no, not a ranged attack. Just a really clever forcefield, or something like that. Those pylons generate something, some kind of field, which it uses to suspend that weird membrane in space. But it can do more than just hold the membrane. If needed, it can throw the field away from itself. At really high velocities.”
Velocity said, “That’s me!”
Jhansi added, “And when it ejaculates its membrane, that’s really just a side effect of it throwing the field. It can throw the field either way.”
Velocity laughed, mildly hysteric.
“Ejaculates!”
Sebastian looked at them and deadpanned, “Dude, we’re gonna fucking die.”
Oren said, “Why does it bother with that water stuff? Why not just shoot everyone all the time?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“Harder to feed? Exponential refractory periods? It enjoys the element of surprise?”
Oren nodded.
“All of the above, probably.”
Velocity slapped the back of Nancy’s seat.
“Love the biology lesson, truly, fucking great. But for real, how the fuck are we going to make it to the Strawberri Eight? You’re out of shares, Sebastian’s only got one left, and that thing is going to shoot us with an invisible fucking laser beam.”
Oren said, “Forcefield.”
Velocity gestured aggressively at their crotch.
“Force this fucking field!”
Binyelum smiled.
“It’s a tight one for sure.”
Velocity grinned.
“My field?”
Binyelum laughed.
“The situation.”
They added, “I need another memory card.”
Jhansi blinked.
Binyelum looked at her in the rearview mirror.
“Round two, princess. Hajime.”
Static threatened Jhansi’s interior space.
She looked around the cabin. Intermittent twinkles indicated the location of dispersed memory card shards. She counted five, each of them about the size of a fingernail.
How many had flown right out the window?
Could she even assemble a whole memory card from this?
She stammered, “Uh …”
Binyelum said, “A forfeit? Already?”
Jhansi gestured around her.
“My bag emptied when you made the jump!”
Oren, Velocity, Sebastian, and Nancy all looked at her, then looked in different directions at the cabin floor.
Binyelum grinned.
“The difficulty only goes in one direction.”
Velocity laughed dryly.
Binyelum snapped their fingers and pointed at Nancy.
“Nancy. Keep an eye on the alterling. Let me know when those pylons start glowing. Everyone else, help Jhansi find those shards.”
Jhansi’s stomach tightened.
“What if we can’t assemble a whole memory card by the time we reach the Strawberri Eight?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“Forget it. Not worth the time. Just find all the pieces you can. I’ll eat them all.”
Jhansi’s brows furrowed.
“But what if you get–”
Binyelum interrupted.
“Better than dying.”
They squeezed the steering wheel with both hands.
“We’re almost at 44th. Don’t waste any more time.”
A red nebulite washed over Mambele.
Jhansi looked at her friends. Oren gave her a solemn nod. Velocity wore a devil-may-care smirk. Sebastian stared at her with bewilderment. Nancy stared straight at her.
Sparks flickered and ebbed throughout Jhansi’s interior space.
She swallowed.
Round two.
They could do this.
She nodded and said, “Right.”
Nancy leaned over the seat and stared out the rear windshield.
Jhansi looked at everyone else. Velocity sat behind Nancy, furthest out of the way of them all. Oren sat in the middle, with the best reach. Sebastian had Jhansi in his lap, only able to twist to one side at best.
Okay.
So where could the shards have landed?
Jhansi turned to Velocity.
“Check the package shelf.”
Velocity blinked.
“Princess is giving instructions.”
Jhansi opened her mouth to say something needling, but Velocity winked and turned in their seat.
Whew.
Jhansi fixed her expression and turned to Oren.
“Check the floor. Under Velocity’s seat, your seat, and Sebastian’s.”
Oren nodded.
Easy.
Jhansi looked at Sebastian.
“Check the seats, down into the upholstery and shit.
Sebastian blinked at her.
“And you’re just gonna sit on your throne?”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
She didn’t reply, instead leaning forward, over the center console, scanning the coin tray, the crevices around the shifter, Nancy’s seat, the floor beneath her, the floor beneath Binyelum.
Scattering twinkling let her know she wouldn’t search in vain.
Everyone else moved around her, silent in pursuit of their own goal.
She stole a glance up at Binyelum.
They had their jaw set, nostrils flared, eyes focused on the road ahead. The glowing dash lit their face, the windshield reflecting their luminous expression back at them. Every raw line glimmered.
Jhansi’s chest tightened.
Another red nebulite passed overhead.
Mambele’s chassis rattled.
The sound of bells filled Jhansi’s ears.
She shook her head and looked beneath her.
Several shards had collected in the coin tray.
Fucking jackpot.
She left those in place and hunted beneath Nancy, who had propped herself up on her knees.
Velocity said, “Hey, uh, there’s nothing back here.”
Static leapt from the walls of Jhansi’s interior space.
Nothing at all?
Fuck.
She could have just checked herself, instead of wasting Velocity’s time.
Jhansi tried to think of another instruction to give, but the lashing static made it impossible. She couldn’t run from it, not right now. The voltage splintered against her stomach. The pain made thinking impossible.
She gritted her teeth.
Everyone had trusted her. Binyelum had believed in her. She couldn’t let them down. She had to push through.
She pushed a hand between the cushion and backrest of Nancy’s seat.
Nothing.
The static splintered against her again.
Oren said, “I found one.”
Jhansi’s stomach tightened even harder.
Just one?
Most of the shards should have collected on the fucking floor.
Jhansi called out, “How big?”
Oren said, “Like a quarter?”
What the fuck.
Another flailing arm of static surged from the walls of Jhansi’s interior space.
Oren added, “Let me check under the seats.”
Jhansi tensed her neck.
She leaned forward further, upending herself as she searched the footwell in front of Nancy’s seat.
She had to find something down here.
Nancy slapped Binyelum’s shoulder.
Fuck.
Binyelum said, “Got it.”
They hit the accelerator, pulled the handbrake, and spun the wheel hard to the right.
Jhansi fell against Nancy, toppling her. 
Mambele drifted to the right through the next intersection.
The road behind them exploded.
Binyelum maneuvered the shifter and floored the accelerator.
Glass shrapnel erupted into the sky as the alterling collided with the building on the corner of the last intersection.
It dug its feet into the roadway and pushed itself after the Asterlings.
Oren said, “Pej, I dropped it.”
Fuck.
Bineylum said, “Five blocks west of 33rd. We’re taking a little detour. We’ve got time.”
Time?
That howling shriek swelled again from the bottom of Jhansi’s interior space, the sound rushing inexorably upward from a great distance.
Fuck.
Jhansi pushed forward, scrabbling at the footwell in front of Nancy’s seat.
Her hand brushed against something sharp and hard.
Two somethings.
Yes.
Both felt about the size of a quarter.
Maybe they matched Oren’s?
Jhansi grabbed them.
“Found a couple!”
She pushed herself back, dropping them into the coin tray with the others.
Oren said, “I still can’t find mine.”
Sebastian said, “I’ve got a couple.”
Bineylum maneuvered quickly, drifting left through the next intersection, orienting them back toward the waterfront and the Strawberri Eight.
Jhansi toppled into Sebastian’s lap. Sebastian blinked at her. She blinked back. She held out her palms. Sebastian deposited the shards. One about the size of a dime, the other vaguely trapezoidal and a little smaller than a third of a memory card.
Yes.
Maybe they already had enough.
Jhansi scooped the shards out of the coin tray.
She scanned the contents of her hands, matching edges in her mind, building a pattern out of the pieces as fast as she could.
Fuck.
“It’s not enough!”
Jhansi whipped around.
Oren groped beneath Nancy’s seat, still searching for the one single piece he’d found.
Velocity searched between their cushion and seat back, checking a spot that Sebastian had probably already searched.
Sebastian stared at Jhansi, eyes wide and bereft of any suggestions.
Jhansi screamed, “Fuck!”
She leaned over Binyelum’s seat.
“I need to check under your ass and in your footwell.”
Binyelum shook their head, keeping their eyes fixed on the dark road ahead.
“Nope. Nothing down there.”
“But–”
Binyelum shook their head again.
“I checked.”
Jhansi stared, unsure of what to say or do.
Binyelum shot her a sideways glance.
“You’re doing so well. You’re so close. I know you can find it, princess.”
A pink nebulite washed over Mambele.
Jhansi looked over her shoulder, out the rear windshield, heart pounding with the rhythm of the alterling’s galloping legs.
She looked back at Binyelum.
Their throat bobbed once beneath the hard line of their jaw.
Okay.
Jhansi sat back down.
She looked again at the contents of her hand.
She held six memory card shards.
Three of them fit together, forming slightly more than half a memory card.
Another two didn’t fit, but seemed like they probably belonged together.
The last looked like the very center of a memory card.
One more shard wouldn’t cut it.
The howling reverberated throughout Jhansi’s interior space.
Jhansi’s throat tightened.
Her eyes bulged.
Where hadn’t she looked?
What hadn’t she understood about the space around her?
Jhansi scanned the cabin one more time.
No, not the cabin.
Mambele.
Jhansi scanned Mambele.
She admired the worn upholstery, piebald with faded stains, deforming softly to accommodate the panicking Asterlings. The overhead constellation glowed faintly, the stars patterned now as though in motion, converging toward the center. The cushiony nylon fabric lining the interior of the shifter tube radiated a warm purple light around Binyelum’s arm, the color catching the edges of the memory card shards Jhansi held. That weirdly enticing coloring book stared back at Jhansi from the pouch behind the driver’s seat.
The coloring book.
The title read differently again.
SO?
Jhansi reached for the coloring book.
Oren reached under Jhansi’s feet, contorting to search beneath Bineylum’s seat.
Velocity reached for Jhansi’s canvas bag.
Sebastian reached for Nancy.
Jhansi pulled the coloring book toward her and opened it.
The left page depicted a large eyeball staring upward, receiving the liquid pouring from the five points of a pentagram, rendered in a stained glass motif.
The right page depicted a glittering obelisk towering esoteric and benevolent over a sprawl of coniferous trees that receded toward faint mountains.
A massive memory card shard sat between the two pages.
Oren pulled a shard from deep beneath Binyelum’s seat and triumphantly held it aloft.
Velocity pulled a shard from the depths of Jhansi’s canvas bag and triumphantly held it aloft.
Sebastian pulled a shard from the dark fount of Nancy’s hair and triumphantly held it aloft.
Blood rushed in Jhansi’s ears.
She went lightheaded.
Her whole body tingled.
Holy fuck.
She had done it.
Everyone looked at each other and laughed.
Bineylum said, “Eleven blocks.”
The Asterlings deposited their spoils in Jhansi’s outstretched hand.
More than enough.
Jhansi leaned forward, draping her arms dramatically around Binyelum’s neck, grinning with heady delight.
“Growing boys need nourishment.”
Binyelum looked down at Jhansi’s hands.	
A wide grin exploded across their face.
“Told you.”
Jhansi smirked.
“I want a new title.”
Binyelum raised their eyebrows.
“For cleaning up your mess? Our own personal maidling?”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
“Tch. Open your fucking mouth.”
Binyelum complied. They spread their mouth wide. Their lips parted reluctantly, the soft buds of flesh clinging together, distending slightly before separating with a snap. They lolled out their tongue, wet with saliva. A bead dripped down onto their jacket. Heat poured out from their throat.
Jhansi blushed so hard it hurt.
She brought her hands to Binyelum’s mouth and fed them the shards.
Their jaw worked methodically.
Jhansi watched every movement.
Velocity said, “Fuck. I kinda want a title now.”
Bineylum swallowed.
“If we make it through this, everyone gets a title.”
Velocity teased, “Then they’re not special!”
Binyelum shook their head.
“Everyone’s special.”
Mambele rushed across first street and into the parking lot of the Strawberri Eight.
Nancy slapped Bineylum’s arm.
Jhansi turned to look out the rear windshield.
The alterling pursued barely twenty meters behind them, its pylons bright and getting brighter.
Binyelum’s laugh chimed.
“Let's make a scene.”
Mambele hit the wide, shallow stairway leading up to the foyer of the Strawberri Eight. Headlight luminescence outlined the marble steps and glared against the massive panes of glass slanting up and away to form the atrium ceiling. The automatic entryway doors rushed to fill Mambele’s windshield viewport. The dark atrium swelled beyond the glass.
Velocity shouted, “Pejudo!”
The alterling’s pylons flashed.
Mambele cleared the stairs, catching air and smashing through the entryway doors.
Glass tumbled through space.
The alterling's projectile hit the entryway.
The sound split Jhansi’s ears.
Shrapnel filled the world outside the sedan.
Mambele’s headlights reflected off every spinning particle.
How much time had passed since Jhansi’s last breath?
The Asterlings hung there for a moment, floating freely in space, the heart of a whirlwind galaxy.
Jhansi looked at Binyelum.
They had lifted themselves out of their seat again, pulling away from her just slightly.
Their hands squeezed the steering wheel, knuckles white against the worn plastic.
Their eyes glittering, bottomless pupils widening to reflect the light from every false star.
Their teeth filled their face, lips pulled back in a display of vivid mania hungry to devour everything in its path.
Jhansi’s heart fucking ached.
Mambele hit the floor.
The headlights found the glass elevators, twin columnar structures ascending into darkness at the far end of the atrium. 
The entire glass ceiling began to buckle.
The alterling obliterated the remnants of the entryway, charging through into the atrium.
The glass ceiling splintered.
It disintegrated.
A sheet of glass shards rained into the atrium.
Velocity shouted, “Fuck!”
Sebastian pushed Jhansi aside and leaned over Binyelum’s shoulder.
He pointed into the darkness on their left.
“There!”
Binyelum pulled the steering wheel.
The alterling pursued right behind.
Mambele passed beneath an escalator, grazing the plaster and clipping off a chunk.
The alterling demolished the structure.
Binyelum shouted, “Nancy!”
Nancy leaned out the window, reaching her arm forward, palm open, grasping at headlight luminescence.
Debris battered Mambele’s hood.
Binyelum stood, their full weight on the accelerator.
They laughed, barking, probably not even aware of their human self.
Oren shouted, “Left!”
Binyelum pulled the wheel.
Mambele lurched.
The alterling speared the ground alongside the passenger side of the sedan, close enough for Nancy to touch.
She dragged her palm along the smooth surface of the limb.
Velocity shouted, “Fuck!”
Mambele’s headlights illuminated a wide pair of doors, held closed by a small, locked chain.
Binyelum grabbed Nancy’s free hand.
Their headband pulsed and dimmed.
The golden fox burst from Nancy’s arm, rushed forward, and battered down the doors to the freight elevator.
It dove into the shaft beyond to rend apart the elevator platform.
The fox disappeared.
The open chasm of the elevator swallowed Mambele’s headlight radiance.
Binyelum pulled the handbrake and leaned hard on the steering wheel.
One of the alterling’s legs plunged toward the sedan.
Mambele swung to the right, drifting hard toward the elevator shaft.
The alterling filled the world outside the sedan.
The screech of wailing tires filled Jhansi’s ears.
Mambele’s driver’s side hit the far wall of the shaft.
The alterling’s leg smashed into the elevator landing, violent momentum pushing it deep enough to open fissures in the walls of the shaft.
Mambele plummeted into darkness.
They hit the ground.
Jhansi’s teeth clacked together.
The alterling smashed its body against the wall above.
Binyelum pulled the steering wheel and stepped on the accelerator.
They pulled free of the shaft.
Debris deluged into the shaft, spilling out of the opening, rolling after Mambele.
Binyelum shouted, “Fuck!”
They slapped the steering wheel with both hands, again and again.
The alterling smashed its body against the wall above, again and again, the sound echoing down the tunnel.
It couldn’t reach them.
Binyelum shouted, “We fucking made it!”
They hit the brakes, pulling Mambele to a stop.
Jhansi’s entire body shuddered with every heartbeat.
She felt completely numb.
She looked around, struggling to think through the daze.
Oren stared back at Jhansi, eyes wide, mouth slightly agape, chest heaving slowly.
Velocity slapped everything in reach.
Sebastian stared at Nancy.
Nancy breathed through gritted teeth and clutched her bleeding stump.
Binyelum stared straight ahead, their gaze following Mambele’s headlights into the receding darkness.
Nobody said anything.
Sebastian broke the silence first.
“Nancy!”
He reached forward, grabbing her wrist, squeezing it and shaking his head.
“Fuck, I’m so sorry!”
He looked around, his glaring eyes and open-mouthed grimace frozen in a mask of panic.
“I’m out of shares!”
The colors of his flower crown remained resolutely dimmed.
Binyelum turned, placed a hand on Sebastian’s, and spoke to Nancy.
“You're alright, yeah?”
Blood poured between Nancy’s fingers, soaking her jacket.
Her brows had pulled together tight.
She looked at Binyelum, hissed, and nodded.
Sebastian pulled his hand out from under Binyelum’s, reached back, and slapped them across the face.
“She just lost her fucking arm, asshole!”
Binyelum blinked.
Oren and Jhansi screamed, “Sebastian!”
Velocity shouted, “Dude!”
Binyelum brought a hand to their cheek.
They blinked again.
“You hit me?”
Sebastian balled his hand into a fist.
“She fucking lost her arm!”
Binyelum looked between Sebastian and Nancy.
They said, slowly and deliberately, “Heal her after your refractory period is up.”
Sebastian looked furiously bewildered.
“That’s longer than the time limit on my gift!”
Binyelum furrowed their brows.
“Time limit?”
Sebastian grabbed the back of Binyelum’s seat and shook it violently.
“I can’t fucking heal anyone after three minutes!”
Binyelum blinked.
Nancy shuddered.
Binyelum narrowed their eyes.
“Why didn’t I know this?”
“I fucking told you! Back at the diner!”
Binyelum’s hardened into a perfectly straight line.
“People just don’t love anymore.”
Sebastian pushed Jhansi off his lap into the middle seat.
“Fuck you!”
He leaned forward, grabbed the door handle, and threw open the door. Binyelum raised an eyebrow. Sebastian popped the seat forward, pushed it down onto Binyelum, and clambered outside.
Oren shouted, “Sebastian!”
Velocity said, “Nancy, fuck.”
Jhansi’s head pounded.
Her throat felt unbearably tight.
Sebastian stumbled out, turned, grabbed Binyelum’s jacket with both hands, and pulled them into the tunnel.
Oren climbed over Jhansi, following Sebastian into the tunnel, shouting his name.
Velocity yelled, “You fucking idiots! Nancy is going to fucking bleed out!”
Sebastian held the neck of Binyelum’s jacket in one hand. He balled the other into a fist and pistoned his arm backward. Binyelum gave him a strange smile.
Oren stumbled into the tunnel.
Velocity growled, threw open the passenger side door, and stepped over Nancy into the tunnel.
Sebastian screamed. He swung his arm forward with all his might, catching Binyelum squarely across the jaw. Binyelum buckled, but Sebastian’s grip kept him from falling completely.
Oren grabbed Sebastian from behind, wrapping his arms under Sebastian’s armpits and clasping his hands together behind Sebastian’s neck, holding Sebastian’s arms away from his body and locked in place.
Binyelum rubbed their jaw, blinking slowly.
Velocity ran around Mambele, leaned into the driver’s seat, and popped the hood.
Jhansi tried to swallow.
Her stomach hurt.
Static whipped erratically through her interior space.
What the fuck?
How had this happened?
She yelled, “I can reassemble another memory card!”
Sebastian shouted, “Fuck you!”
He threw a kick at Binyelum.
Binyelum casually pushed his leg to the side.
Sebastian screamed, “Fuck!”
Velocity pulled Nancy from Mambele.
Jhansi yelled, “Binyelum!”
Binyelum ignored her.
They said to Sebastian, “What are you so mad about?”
Sebastian tried to kick them again.
Binyelum blocked the attack.
Sebastian yelled, “This wouldn’t have fucking happened if it weren’t for you!”
Binyelum blinked.
“Me?”
“Yes, you! You wouldn’t let us fucking take those memory cards from the diner!”
Binyelum blinked again.
Velocity stood with Nancy in front of Mambele’s exposed engine compartment, supporting the injured girl beneath her remaining arm.
Velocity yelled, “Does anybody have a fucking belt?”
Nobody replied.
Bineylum said to Sebastian, “What would those memory cards have given us?”
Sebastian screamed wordlessly.
He yelled, “Then I could use my gift!”
Velocity yelled, “Jhansi! Empty your fucking bag! Bring it here!”
Jhansi blinked.
She looked around.
Huh?
What?
Bag?
Bag!
The bag!
Jhansi grabbed the canvas bag, dumped the contents on the seat, and stumbled out into the tunnel.
Binyelum said to Sebastian, “So you feel powerless?”
Sebastian screamed again.
“Fuck you!”
Jhansi ran toward Velocity, holding the bag outstretched.
Velocity snatched it from Jhansi’s hand, folded it clumsily, and held it up to Nancy’s mouth.
“Open.”
Nancy bit down on the folded bag.
Binyelum said to Sebastian, “You hit me because you feel powerless?”
Sebastian, visibly weakening, growled, “Fuck you,” emphasizing the second word with a feeble kick.
Binyelum stepped to avoid it.
Sebastian said, “I just want to help her.”
Binyelum nodded.
“I understand. I’m sorry you can’t help her.”
Velocity looked into Nancy’s eyes.
“Okay babe. Are you ready?”
Nancy nodded.
Velocity adjusted, grabbing hold of Nancy’s arm with one hand, and firmly supporting Nancy’s torso with the other.
“Here we go.”
Velocity lowered Nancy toward Mambele’s engine.
Blood drenched the engine block, sizzling where it landed.
Jhansi’s eyes shot wide.
“Nancy!”
Nancy’s wound connected with the engine.
Nancy shrieked around the canvas bag.
The veins in her neck bulged.
Her flesh hissed and popped.
An indescribable smell filled Jhansi’s nose.
Sebastian screamed again.
Everyone stood frozen, watching Velocity cauterize Nancy’s wound.
Nancy convulsed.
Velocity pulled her away.
“Fuck!”
Nancy panted, her eyes rolling dangerously.
Velocity yelled, “Is she going into shock?”
Sebastian shouted, “How should we fucking know? You’re the one who fucking grilled her ass!”
Velocity screamed back, “At least I fucking did something!”
Uncertainty devastated Jhansi.
She stood transfixed, confused, and afraid.
Nancy patted Velocity’s shoulder.
She shook her head.
A stream of drool threatened to drip from her bottom lip, but she sucked it back into her mouth.
Sebastian sobbed.
Binyelum looked from Nancy to Sebastian, and then back again.
Velocity said, “Let’s get you back into the car.”
Bineylum said to Sebastian, “Are you going to hit me again?”
Sebastian glared at them for a long moment.
At last they said, “No.”
Binyelum nodded, then nodded again at Oren.
Oren released Sebastian.
Sebastian bent double and exhaled.
He sobbed again.
He righted himself.
He looked at Bineylum with an expression Jhansi didn’t understand, then hurried around toward Nancy.
Velocity lowered Nancy into the passenger’s seat.
Blood no longer fountained from her wound.
Mambele’s refresh cleared away the dark stains that had spread across her jacket and mended the torn sleeve, now hanging limply by her side.
She stared straight forward, took a long, shuddering breath, and exhaled so slowly Jhansi worried she had died.
Sebastian pushed past Velocity, then froze.
He stared down at Nancy.
Nancy tilted her head slowly, her eyes eventually meeting Sebastian’s.
Nobody said anything.
At last Sebastian said, “I’m sorry.”
Nancy blinked slowly.
She shook her head, her expression almost dismissive.
She shrugged.
Sebastian repeated himself.
“I’m sorry!”
Nancy continued to stare at him with that same expression.
Sebastian looked away.
“Fuck.”
Binyelum gave Oren a pat on the arm, then walked around Mambele.
They looked at Velocity.
“You did good. Really good.”
Velocity glowered. 
“Fucking somebody had to.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Yeah. I’m proud of you.”
Color rose on Velocity’s cheeks, but their glower remained.
Binyelum stepped past Sebastian to kneel beside Nancy.
“Hey killer.”
Nancy looked at them, her expression distinctly disapproving.
“How are you?”
Nancy blinked slowly.
Binyelum nodded.
“Nobody could have done it like you.”
Nancy rolled her eyes.
She turned away from Binyelum to stare down the tunnel.
She let her head fall back against the headrest.
Binyelum stood.
They turned to Sebastian.
“You okay?”
Sebastian’s expression flickered through several iterations before he forced it into neutrality.
“This still wouldn’t have happened if we’d grabbed those extra memory cards.”
Binyelum sighed.
“Sebastian, how do you know that?”
Sebastian’s brows knit.
He raised both hands in admonishment.
“Binyelum. We would have–”
He added extra emphasis to every syllable in the remainder of the sentence.
“–had more memory cards.”
He shook his head.
“How else do you want me to say it?”
Binyelum raised their brows imploringly.
“And you’re absolutely certain that everything else would have gone exactly as it did?”
Sebastian blinked.
“Uh. Why wouldn’t it?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“Maybe the heavier bag would have slid off Jhansi’s shoulder during the fight at Bridgemall. Maybe one of those assholes would have noticed the bag and thought to grab it. Or, hey, if nothing else, the memory cards definitely would have shattered in a different configuration when Jhansi hit that guy. Maybe their different shape would have meant they all just flew right out the fucking windows when I jumped Mambele.”
Sebastian blinked again.
He turned to Jhansi, his eyes glaring.
“Jhansi.”
The bands of static whirling aimlessly through Jhansi’s interior space turned their attention on her all at once.
Binyelum grabbed Sebastian’s shoulder.
“No, this isn’t Jhansi’s fault. She didn’t do anything wrong.”
Sebastian shrugged off Binyelum’s shoulder.
“The hell it isn’t.”
He jabbed a finger in Jhansi’s direction.
“It was her fucking responsibility to take care of those memory cards. That’s the whole fucking reason she’s here! You’re telling me it’s fine if she can’t even do that?”
He shook his head.
“She’s fucking useless!”
Jhansi’s throat tightened.
Static lanced deep into her body from every direction.
Binyelum narrowed their eyes.
“She’s not useless.”
Sebastian’s eyes shot wide.
“You already had to fucking save her ass once. She pissed herself!”
He pointed to the crotch of his pants.
“I’ve got her piss on me!”
The heat rose in Jhansi’s face so fast and hard that it hurt.
A pillar of static pierced upward from the floor of her interior space and stabbed straight through her.
Binyelum said, “Jhansi made sure we got the memory card we needed.”
Sebastian blinked.
He said nothing.
Binyelum said, “You do remember that, right?”
Sebastian frowned.
He looked at Jhansi.
Jhansi stared back, fighting down tears.
Sebastian looked away.
He said to Binyelum, “I still don’t trust her.”
Bineylum let out a long, loud groan.
They threw their arms into the air.
They opened their mouth, closed it, and pressed their hands to their forehead.
They held themselves like that for a long moment.
Sebastian raised an eyebrow condescendingly.
Binyelum exhaled slowly.
“So what’s your deal?”
Sebastian made a face.
“My deal? What’s my fucking deal?”
Binyelum inhaled and exhaled slowly.
“Yes. Your deal. Who don’t you trust.”
Sebastian looked aggrieved.
“Jhansi! Obviously! I’ve been saying that.”
Binyelum nodded deliberately.
“Yes. I know you’ve been saying that. We all know you’ve been saying that. But this is coming from somewhere. You learned this. Jhansi hasn’t actually done anything untrustworthy. She’s just weird. And dumb. And a very confused tryhard. But she hasn’t taught you to distrust her.”
Bineylum paused.
Sebastian’s expression shifted as he worked through Binyelum’s last statement.
Binyelum said, slowly, “So. Who taught you to feel this way?”
Sebastian’s expression shifted again, giving him the sudden impression of something small and defensive and melancholy.
He looked away from Binyelum, first at Nancy, then quickly to the floor.
He turned away and stared at the dark wall of the tunnel.
“Do you want to know how I know about this tunnel?”
Velocity rolled their eyes.
“Not this.”
Binyelum shot them a look.
They said to Sebastian, “Of course. I was hoping you’d tell us.”
Sebastian shrugged.
“I was a naval endling last night.”
Binyelum whistled.
Oren said, “No shit.”
Velocity said, “For real?”
Nancy turned to look at him.
Jhansi said, “What?”
Bineylum said, “Rank? Faction?”
Sebastian didn’t turn around.
“Black. Full.”
Binyelum whistled again.
Oren said, “Black’s not bad.”
Velocity said, “Full, though. That’s rough.”
Nancy blinked slowly.
Jhansi said, “Guys, what’s a naval endling?”
Binyelum said to Sebastian, “So how’d you get boat duty?”
Velocity said, “No offense, you don’t really seem like the type to ask for it.”
Jhansi said, “Waitaminute. Endlings have boats?”
Oren nodded.
“Transport trucks. Boats. Planes. Endlings have it all.”
Velocity added, “There were some trucks in the parking lot at Bridgemall.”
Jhansi flushed.
How had she missed that?
Stupid bitch.
No wonder Sebastian didn’t trust her.
Sebastian shrugged.
“Nah, I didn’t ask for it. It was just the fortune of the favor.”
Binyelum whistled yet again.
“A rare fate.”
Jhansi said, “What?”
Oren said, “The favor. That’s what it’s called when Egaeus grants a rank up. On rare occasions things won’t go as expected, resulting in some accidental fortune.”
Sebastian nodded.
“My friend and I–”
Binyelum interrupted.
“Your friend?”
Sebastian paused.
He didn’t reply for a long moment.
At last he said, “Yeah, my friend.”
Binyelum said, “Hm,” and nothing else.
Sebastian continued.
“We took down a gold that was auditioning for the navy.”
Bineylum interrupted again.
“You were both purple at the time?”
Sebastian shook his head.
“I was purple. He was gold. I held off a purple and a green while he duked it out with the gold.”
Binyelum cocked their head.
“But he let you present the gold’s memory card as an offering?”
Sebastian shook his head again.
“No, he took the gold’s memory card.”
Bineylum cocked their head to the other side.
“So how’d you get the fortune?”
Sebastian shook his head, shrugging slow and hard.
“I have no fucking idea.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Fair. It’s kind of just like that.”
Sebastian sighed.
“Yep. It’s kind of just like that.”
Sebastian didn’t say anything further.
Binyelum quirked their mouth.
“Maybe it’s because he wanted you to come with?”
Sebastian didn’t say anything.
Binyelum changed the subject.
“So you got put on boat duty, and you guys just stumbled across this tunnel?”
Sebastian nodded.
“Pretty much. We disembarked after some straggler special ones, lost them, found a low caliber alterling, and chased it in here.”
Binyelum paused, then said slowly, “Is that how you died?”
Sebastian chuckled darkly.
He finally turned around.
“You think some fucking .32 auto alterling is gonna take down a squad of naval endlings? Even on my own I could’ve–”
Binyelum interrupted.
“Everyone has bad days.”
Sebastian sighed.
He shrugged.
He shook his head.
“No, that’s not how I died.”
Binyelum said, “How did you die?”
Sebastian looked at the ground.
Oren said, “Hey, maybe it’s not–”
Binyelum held up their hand.
“Sebastian hasn’t gotten to the part of the story where he explains why he doesn’t trust Jhansi.”
Oren blinked.
Binyelum said, in a tone of velvet tenderness, “Sebastian? How did you die?”
Sebastian looked back up.
“The Empty Chest.”
Binyelum sucked in their breath.
Oren whispered, “Fuck.”
Velocity said, “Oh pejudo.”
Nancy sat up, then quickly leaned back.
Jhansi said, “The Empty Chest?”
Binyelum said, “Hey.”
They opened their arms wide.
“Can I give you a hug?”
Sebastian rolled his eyes.
He shrugged.
He nodded.
Binyelum stepped forward and pulled Sebastian into a tight embrace. They rested their head on Sebastian’s shoulder. Sebastian let out a long, shuddering sigh. He allowed Binyelum to rock him gently back and forth.
Sebastian said, “It was pretty bad.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Yeah.”
They stood like that for a long moment.
Finally Binyelum pulled back, their hands on Sebastian’s shoulders.
“And you came out of it a pentacles.”
Sebastian shrugged.
“I sure did.”
Binyelum delicately cupped Sebastian’s chin in their palm.
“You’ve been through a lot. I’m really glad you ended up here.”
Sebastian gave a wan smile.
Jhansi asked, “What’s the Empty Chest?”
Oren said, “Not now, Jhansi.”
Binyelum said to Sebastian, “Your friend, where did he end up?”
Sebastian stared silently, his eyes red.
Bineylum said, “Do you know where he ended up?”
Sebastian remained silent.
Binyelum said, “Is that why you don’t trust Jhansi? Because you know where your friend ended up?”
Sebastian swallowed.
Binyelum nodded.
“Okay.”
They paused.
“I understand. I’m sorry you had to go through that experience. And. I need you to trust Jhansi.”
Sebastian’s face fell.
He looked away.
Binyelum gently pulled on Sebastian’s chin.
Sebastian’s gaze met Bineylum’s again.
“Sebastian. I need you to trust Jhansi.”
Sebastian nodded.
“Okay.”
Binyelum raised their eyebrows.
“Sebastian. Do you trust Jhansi?”
Sebastian sighed.
“Yes, I trust Jhansi.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Tell her.”
Sebastian huffed.
He hesitated, then turned to face Jhansi.
“Jhansi. I trust you.”
Jhansi stared back wordlessly.
The static did not abate.
Binyelum said, “Good.”
They turned, kneeling again to talk to Nancy.
Nancy greeted them with a slow blink.
Binyelum said, “Hey killer. How are you doing?”
Nancy shrugged.
Binyelum asked, “Are you okay to keep going?”
Nancy shrugged again.
She looked away, rolled her eyes, and looked back at Binyelum.
She nodded.
Sebastian said, “You’re gonna make her keep fighting?”
Binyelum stood and turned to Sebastian.
“What else is she going to do?”
Sebastian sighed in frustration.
“Fine. I just …”
He trailed off.
Binyelum addressed the Asterlings as a group.
“Okay. Everybody ready?”
Velocity said, “For what?”
Bineylum blinked.
“To go.”
“Okay. Yeah. Where?”
“Out.”
Velocity narrowed their eyes.
“Why won’t you tell us what’s next?”
Bineylum paused.
They looked around at everyone.
“This isn’t really the place to formulate a plan. Let’s get a breath of fresh air, collect our thoughts, and I’ll tell you where we’re gonna find Kiran.”
Oren gave Binyelum a long look.
Velocity said, “Okay,” dragging out each vowel sound.
Sebastian said, “Whatever. Sure.”
Nancy blinked.
Jhansi opened her mouth, but couldn’t think of anything to say.
The Asterlings filed back into Mambele.
Sebastian said, “Sorry Jhansi, keep your piss princess skirt offa me.”
Static stabbed straight into Jhansi.
Jhansi yelled, “Fuck you!”
Velocity said, “Jhansi’s gotta sit somewhere.”
Sebastian said, “Make her sit by herself!”
Velocity said, “And get the seat wet?”
Oren said, “Jhansi, just sit in my lap.”
Jhansi blushed deep.
Binyelum said, “We’ll get you some new pants.”
Jhansi blushed even deeper.
She settled into Oren’s lap in the center seat.
Binyelum and Nancy pulled the doors closed.
Binyelum shifted out of park.
“Chances the alterling is waiting outside for us?”
Sebastian shook his head.
“Pretty low. The tunnel lets out under an arched overhang. It’s kinda secluded, and there’s not really any way to tell where it’s going.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Guess we’ll find out.”
They stepped gently on the accelerator.
Mambele thumped through the tunnel, straddling the rightmost rail, the driver’s side bucking over each railroad tie. The headlight beams traced bright esoterica graffitied onto both walls, and occasionally on the ceiling. Red and blue and pink and green and white and gold neon shapes leered out at them, indecipherable agendas outlined in graphic black lines.
Binyelum said, “How long is this tunnel?”
The darkness ahead swallowed Mambele’s headlights.
Sebastian said, “Less than a mile?”
Binyelum made a noise.
Nobody else spoke.
Jhansi curled in on herself.
Her entire body felt raw, outside and inside. Sensations seethed, vying for her attention with no possible outlet. She tried to focus on one at a time and found it impossible.
She looked down and watched her hands shake.
They had survived.
Somehow, they had all survived.
How much time had passed since they embarked from The Rescue?
It felt like a thousand years.
It felt like a different lifetime.
Jhansi ran back through her memory.
She saw the thundering footsteps of the massive alterling crashing down closer and closer to the sedan as it chased the Asterlings through the city.
She saw a teenager strangled and broken by a jellyfish, swallowed piece by piece by a monster, and converted into something else.
She saw endlings tearing each other apart in a sea of emerald glass, orange blood and white bones and glistening, pulpy stuff splattered across the environment.
She saw an alterling digesting the body of a teenager, methodically pulling the corpse deeper and deeper inside itself.
She saw Nancy, and Sebastian, and Velocity, and Oren.
She saw Binyelum.
Binyelum, who had kept them all alive.
Binyelum, who had said her actions made a difference.
Binyelum, who had appeared at the last second to redirect the flow of imminent violence and save her fucking life.
Fuck.
Did Binyelum secretly understand?
They had defended her in so many different ways.
They wanted her to stick around.
In spite of her apparent weakness.
Did they see it too?
Did they understand her role?
As the ultrarare specialing?
They must.
Nothing else made sense.
How else would she have managed to pull off that thing with the memory card shards?
What had even happened back there?
Jhansi couldn’t remember.
She only knew that she’d solved an impossible puzzle and saved everyone’s life.
It felt like destiny.
She saw it plain.
As long as Binyelum kept her alive, she’d call on that nameless power, solve every puzzle, get them to the moon, and unlock the secret to defeating Egaeus.
Binyelum would keep Jhansi alive, and Jhansi would save the world.
Perfect.
Velocity said, “So what’s it like, being in full?”
Sebastian laughed darkly.
“What do you think it’s like?”
Velocity raised her eyebrows.
“Let’s all come together?”
Sebastian mirrored Velocity’s expression.
“Like a circlejerk?”
Velocity shrugged.
“If you’re into that.”
Sebastian gave a single, half-hearted laugh.
He turned to watch the graffiti.
“It’s pretty much what you’d expect.”
Velocity nodded.
They mirrored Sebastian, turning to watch the graffiti.
Binyelum said, “Did you ever have to participate in the culling?”
Velocity turned sharply.
“Dude!”
Binyelum looked in the rearview mirror.
“Isn’t that why you asked in the first place?”
Velocity frowned.
They said nothing.
Sebastian sighed.
“It’s fine. We’re talking about it anyway. No, I never had to participate in the culling. That’s a job for the sparklings.”
Binyelum said, “So you watched the culling.”
Sebastian nodded.
“Yep. Every night.”
Jhansi said, “The culling?”
Oren explained, “The full faction culls its lowest performers at the end of every night.”
Jhansi frowned.
“What, they like, get kicked out?”
Sebastian laughed.
“No. They get executed.”
Jhansi blinked.
“Executed?”
Sebastian nodded.
“Executed.”
Holy shit.
Jhansi looked around at everyone.
“That’s seriously fucked up, right?”
She received a tapestry of mixed expressions in response.
Sebastian said, “It just is what it is.”
Jhansi said, “You guys don’t fight back?”
Sebastian gave a smile that somehow looked both condescending and apologetic.
“We believe in it.”
Jhansi blinked, then blinked again.
“What the fuck?”
Sebastian shrugged.
He sighed.
He straightened his back and spoke in a tone Jhansi had not heard him use before.
“An endling comes into existence for the purpose of pleasing Egaeus. An endling that cannot please does not have a purpose. An endling with no purpose has no reason to exist. Endlings with an empty existence are traitors to the legacy of their faction. We, the anointed full moon endlings, are destined for perfection in the eyes of our creator. We act, without hesitation or restraint, to eradicate our own imperfections. We are the strongest. We are the truest. We are the favorite.”
He paused, then added, “Plus, nothing motivates good performance like the fear of death.”
Jhansi opened her mouth, then closed it.
At last she said, “Wow.”
Sebastian shrugged.
Jhansi said, “How’d you end up in the full faction?”
Sebastian shrugged again.
Oren said, “Egaeus just puts you where He puts you.”
Jhansi stared at him.
“Jesus.”
Oren shrugged.
Jhansi said, “What are the other factions like?”
Oren said, “Gibbous, quarter, and crescent endlings all kick out their weakest performers.”
Jhansi made a face.
“I guess that’s better than a fucking execution.”
Oren added, “New endlings don’t kick out anyone.”
Jhansi nodded.
“Monsters with a heart, love it.”
Oren shrugged.
Jhansi said, “What happens to the endlings that get kicked out?”
Sebastian said, “They probably die.”
Binyelum said, “Or they become alterings.”
Velocity added, “Or they get recruited by Trust Fall.”
Binyelum looked at them in the rearview mirror.
Jhansi blinked.
“Trust Fall?”
Velocity made a noise.
“An alterling. He recruits factionless endlings to serve his own whims.”
Jhansi blinked again.
“How’s he do that?”
Velocity gestured at the air.
“He’s an alterling!”
Fair.
Jhansi said, “Fair.”
Binyelum said, “Looks like we’re here.”
They flicked off Mambele’s headlights.
A crushing sense of oppression overwhelmed the cabin.
A moment later the suffocation relented, the mouth of the tunnel opening wide to release them back out into the night.
The curve of the moon slid into view.
The soft sound of rippling water mixed with Mambele’s bells.
Binyelum put Mambele in park.
“What’s the terrain like around here?”
Sebastian leaned forward.
“These tracks meet up pretty quickly with another set that runs pretty much parallel to the waterfront. There’s a port terminal that way–”
He pointed to the right, then froze.
Everyone followed his gesture.
Thirty meters away, three other pairs of headlights beamed across a flat expanse of concrete, highlighting the intricate, deliberate patterns painted on the ground. Curving dotted lines, multicolored ribbons running in parallel, boxes filled with words that Jhansi couldn’t read at this distance. The symbols spoke to a meaning more utilitarian than the graffiti in the tunnel, but not more immediately parseable.
The light traced the outline of dozens of shipping containers stacked around the edge of the terminal, throwing their shadows back to merge with the cloak. Except, not all the shipping containers sat neatly in stacks. Five or six lay strewn across the ground, dangerous geometry that made goosebumps prickle across Jhansi’s skin.
Something else lay between and atop those toppled containers.
A massive, slumped carcass.
The same alterling that had just chased them through the city.
Bulky silhouettes moved with quick, coordinated efficiency in the headlight radiance, crossing back and forth between the body of the alterling and the vehicles.
Binyelum said, “Figures.”
Jhansi said, “You know who that is?”
Velocity nodded.
“Gotta be the Final Hand.”
That name sounded familiar.
A band of special ones, right?
Fuck.
Jhansi did not like the idea of having to interface with any more new fucking people tonight.
But on the other hand, it seemed pretty fortunate, getting to team up with the kids who apparently just took down that impossible fucking monster.
Jhansi said, “We’re teaming up?”
Binyelum scoffed.
“The Final Hand doesn’t team up.”
They paused, then added, “Not really my scene anyway.”
The rest of the Asterlings nodded.
Oren said, “If it was, we wouldn’t be here.”
Jhansi frowned.
“So, what then?”
She had felt a little excited to learn about more swords and gifts, in spite of her social apprehension.
Velocity said, “Fuck ‘em. They can take care of themselves.”
Binyelum said contemplatively, “No.”
Velocity said, “You think they can’t?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“No. I mean, I don’t want to fuck ‘em.”
Velocity snorted.
“Suit yourself.”
Binyelum smiled distractedly.
“No. I want to know why they’re here.”
Velocity blinked.
“Oh.”
Oren said, “You sure about that?”
Binyelum said, “Worst that happens is they tell us to fuck off.”
Oren shrugged.
Sebastian said, “Maybe they’ll have some new pants for Jhansi.”
Binyelum laughed.
“Maybe they will indeed have some new pants for our little pissling.”
Jhansi shouted, “No!”
Binyelum turned to look at her.
“Not the new title you had in mind?”
Jhansi’s face burned. She squeezed her hands tight, realizing only when Oren hissed that she had grabbed onto his legs. She didn’t let go.
“Binyelum.”
She gave them a hard stare.
An impish smile spread across Binyelum’s face, growing into a fully fledged grin.
Jhanis’s eyes widened into a glare as Binyelum’s narrowed into a leer.
Binyelum shrugged.
“Have you your way, princess.”
Of all the fucking things.
Jhansi looked around at everyone else.
“Don’t fucking say anything.”
Oren looked completely passive.
Velocity said, “Wouldn’t dream of it.”
Sebastian smiled unpleasantly.
Nancy hadn’t paid the exchange any attention whatsoever.
Binyelum looked toward to the port terminal.
“Let’s see.” 
They flicked Mambele’s headlights on, then quickly off, then on again, left them beaming for five seconds, then flicked them back off.
They received no response.
They repeated the gesture again.
And again.
After the fifth repetition, one of the pairs of headlights out on the port terminal flicked off and on one single time.
Binyelum nodded.
“Let’s go make a scene.”
Mambele trundled forward, lurching unevenly over the tracks before mounting the smooth concrete. Passing silhouettes towered in every direction, marking the abstract geometry of industrial structures obscured by the cloak. The steel jungle felt impenetrably hostile. Jhansi found herself missing the safe unreality of the tunnel. At least in there, a threat could only come from one direction.
Something moved in the darkness.
The suggestion of insect legs scurried up a sloping grain elevator.
Fuck.
Jhansi said, “Guys–”
Binyelum interrupted.
“I know.”
They added, “Don't worry, I doubt they’ll fuck with the Final Hand.”
Jhansi swallowed.
She looked anxiously back toward the elevator.
The shape had disappeared.
Binyelum pulled Mambele closer to the activity on the terminal. Two bulky human silhouettes stepped into the sedan’s headlights. The taller one grabbed the other’s bulging wrist with a similarly bulging hand, a familiar gesture that looked more fluid and rehearsed than when any of the Asterlings did it. The shorter silhouette twisted and tugged lightly against their compatriot. Their limbs seemed to cinch together, as though locked in place by some mechanism.
Both silhouettes raised their free hands and gestured for Binyelum to stop.
Binyelum braked, put Mambele in park, and gently opened the driver's side door.
They called, “Are we cool?”
The shorter silhouette spoke.
“How many you got in there?”
“Six, including me.”
Chibi Silhouette said nothing.
Another voice, higher pitched, from somewhere out of sight, called, “Checks out!”
CS nodded.
“You. Step out of the car. Slow, with your hands up.”
Binyelum muttered, “Yeah yeah.”
They looked into the rearview mirror and said, “Stay put.”
They raised both hands and stood from the sedan.
For a moment nobody spoke.
At last CS said, “So what do you want?”
Binyelum replied evenly, “I want to know why you're here.”
Again, CS said nothing.
At last they turned, pointed to the partially illuminated corpse, and said, “There's a big fuckoff monster.”
Binyelum nodded.
“I know. That thing chased us here from Bridgemall.”
Yet again, CS said nothing.
At last they said, “The doctor mentioned Bridgemall.”
Binyelum nodded again.
“Yep.”
CS looked briefly toward their partner, then back to Binyelum.
“Bullshit.”
Binyelum’s laugh sparkled.
“Suit yourself.”
They shrugged.
“But I know for a fact you guys didn't chase that thing down here. Which means it just kinda stumbled into your midst. Bad luck. But, why were you here in the first place?”
This time CS didn’t hesitate to reply.
“Fuck off.”
Binyelum shrugged again.
“Suit yourself.”
CS didn’t say anything.
Binyelum said, “Am I free to go?”
CS scoffed.
“I said fuck off.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Got it.”
They gave a thumbs-up with both their raised hands.
Oren said, “Worst that happens is they tell us to fuck off.”
Velocity said, “Figures.”
Binyelum ducked back into Mambele, grabbed the door, made as if to close it, then leaned their head back out into the night.
“I know something about those pylons that you don’t.”
CS and their partner looked at each other.
Binyelum pulled at the door.
CS called, “Wait!”
Binyelum smirked.
They leaned out once more.
CS said, “That thing really chased you here all the way from Bridgemall?”
Binyelum grinned.
“Yep.”
CS hesitated, then said, “How the fuck did you get away?”
Binyelum formed the index finger and thumb of their left hand into a gun and pointed it at the two silhouetted teenagers.
“Adaptability.”
CS shook their head once.
“Fuck.”
They looked at their partner, then back to Binyelum.
“Alright. Follow us.”
Bineylum gestured toward the rest of the Asterlings.
“Them too.”
CS shook their head.
“No way. Just you.”
Binyelum smiled warmly.
“Sorry, I don’t leave mine behind.”
CS sighed.
They again looked to their partner and back.
“Fine.”
They added, “Leave the car here.”
Binyelum gave another thumbs-up.
They looked over their shoulder.
“Astrobots, roll out.”
Oren said, “Heinous.”
Velocity said, “Yeah, that was really bad.”
Sebastian said, “You mean I have to be seen with you in public?”
Nancy smirked.
Binyelum rolled their eyes playfully.
CS called, “Leave your swords and masks.”
Binyelum nodded at the Asterlings, then popped the trunk.
Nancy opened her door, stood awkwardly into the night, and popped the seat.
Sebastian said to Jhansi, “Move it, piss princess.”
Jhansi glared.
“Fuck off.”
She followed Binyelum out onto the concrete.
The cool night air rushed over her skin, shocking her senses and filling her nose with the smell of the bay. Waves murmured just out of sight. Jhansi stretched, her elbows popping, her flats catching on a crack in the concrete.
Everything felt so vital.
Jhansi wondered if astronauts experienced anything like this after returning to Earth.
The Asterlings divested of their armaments. Binyelum closed the trunk, then leaned back into Mambele and pulled the key from the ignition. The headlights went out, plunging the two silhouettes back into the cloak, both figures now barely backlit by the headlights focused on the alterling’s corpse.
Binyelum produced their lighter.
The flame flickered across their features, sparkling in their eyes and teeth.
“Thanks for your time.”
The taller member of the Final Hand cursed under their breath.
They said, “Your arm.”
Everyone looked at Nancy.
Nancy raised her eyebrows in an expression of deep aggrievance.
Binyelum said, “What, didn’t your momma ever teach you about hyperviolence?”
Tallboy grunted.
CS said, “Head toward the Infinitis. We’ll follow you. Do anything stupid and you’re dead.”
Binyelum nodded.
“That is generally how it goes around here.”
Binyelum looked around, found Velocity and Sebastian, and gestured for them to go first. Oren fell in behind them. Binyelum raised their eyebrows at Jhansi. She quickly trotted to keep up with Oren. Nancy and Binyelum followed last.
A rhythmic rattling accompanied the heavy footfalls of the members of the Final Hand.
Did that have anything to do with their weird gauntlets?
They had a whole deal, huh?
Oren gave Jhansi a look.
Jhansi reciprocated.
Binyelum turned and said, “By the way, there’s an alterling lurking around out there. Some kinda bug guy.”
CS said, “We know.”
Binyelum shrugged.
CS said, in a hushed tone, “Okay but seriously, how the fuck did you get away from that thing?”
Binyelum grinned.
“I’ve got a gift.”
CS laughed mockingly.
“Ha ha.”
Well if Binyelum wouldn’t brag about the cool shit they’d done, Jhansi would just have to do it for them.
Jhansi said, “Binyelum and Nancy jumped Mambele.”
Binyelum shot her a look.
CS said, “What?”
Binyelum gave Jhansi an almost imperceptible shake of their head.
What the hell did that mean?
Jhansi opened her mouth, but Binyelum spoke over her.
“Nancy’s gift, we used it to jump up my Nissan.”
CS said, “What? Like, a speed boost? Is that even possible? How’s that work?”
Tallboy said, “Is that how she lost her arm?”
Binyelum said to CS, “We’re special.”
They said to Tallboy, “What do you think?”
CS scoffed.
Tallboy said, “Are you with The Things We Carry?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“Nope.”
CS said, “You’re a solo band, with a car-boosting gift, and you’ve already gotten noticed by the doctor.”
They paused, then added, “Who the fuck are you?”
Binyelum grinned.
“That’s just the tip.”
Velocity snorted.
Jhansi smiled to herself.
Of course others would recognize the Asterlings had some singular quality.
They had a destiny.
The scene around the fallen alterling came into focus as they stepped closer.
Two Infiniti G20s–a 1994 model and a 1999 model–and a 1990 Chevrolet Blazer circled the corpse. The same shade of true red paint glittered on the body of each vehicle, clearly detailed at the beginning of the night but bearing patches of grime around the wheel wells. Each license plate identifier began with an FH, followed by a zero-padded number: FH00598 and FH00599 on the Infinitis, and FH00200 on the Blazer.
Figures patrolled the perimeter in pairs.
Jhansi’s heart skipped a beat as she got a closer look.
What the fuck?
Endlings?
Had they stumbled into a trap?
She whirled around to warn Binyelum.
“Endli–”
From here the light from the vehicles illuminated the two silhouettes behind them.
Jhansi shut her mouth.
Oh.
The members of the Final Hand all wore armor built from endling bones, burnt black by some process of construction.
Helmets fashioned from endling skulls, jaws opened wide, shining teeth and tusks obscuring the faces of the wearers. Breastplates fashioned from rib cages, the bones broken and reassembled, fused together into an impenetrable barrier. Greaves fashioned from femurs, tibias, and fibulas, with jointed, pistoning bones connecting the pieces to armored jump boots. Gauntlets fashioned from phalanxes and claws, razored edges made retractable with some mechanism, extending past the wearer’s fingers when engaged.
Jhansi understood the little shrugging gesture CS had made when Tallboy had grabbed their wrist.
The retractable claws served another purpose besides in direct combat. The design of the gauntlets allowed the receiver to lock the giver’s hand in place, making separation impossible for the pair of them. Tallboy didn’t even have room to wiggle their fingers away from CS’s wrist.
CS and Tallboy both wore a sword at their side–a crowbar and a pipe wrench, respectively–and each also carried a long, serrated weapon fashioned from a single alterling bone on their backs.
Jhansi blinked.
CS said, “Excuse me?”
Binyelum shot Jhansi a look.
What did that mean?
Jhansi panicked.
“Your armor.”
Binyelum rolled their eyes.
Static flickered to life in Jhansi’s interior space.
CS said, “What about it?”
Jhansi gestured at them.
“It’s–”
She couldn’t think of anything better to say.
“–bones.”
CS snorted.
Tallboy turned to Binyelum.
“She a fucking windshield painter or something?”
Windshield painter?
What the fuck did that mean?
Jhansi said, “What?”
Binyelum gave her another look.
They said to Tallboy, “What do you think?”
Tallboy snickered.
CS said, “You guys really are full of surprises.”
Jhansi said, “What’s a windshield painter?”
Oren said, “I’ll explain it to you later.”
Jhansi huffed.
She turned back toward the alterling corpse.
Pairs of Final Hand soldiers worked in tandem to disassemble the monster's body, carving methodically into the hard flesh of the legs with those long serrated weapons, carting segments into organized piles lined up along a wall of shipping containers. A pair of soldiers supervised this work. Others worked to disassemble the rocky island body of the alterling, with much less success. A solitary pair struggled to pull one of the pylons free.
“What’s this?”
Jhansi whipped around.
Another tall soldier walked toward the group, with two more soldiers locked together flanking behind. They moved with more grace than their peers, their stride fluid even in spite of the bulky armor. A bright, polished section of rebar hung at their side. They didn’t carry any other weapons.
CS and Tallboy stiffened. CS tugged away from Tallboy. Both soldiers saluted, placing their right hand over their heart and extending their left hand, palm up.
Both said, “Captain.”
Captain nodded.
CS and Tallboy relaxed.
Captain repeated themselves.
“What’s this?”
They nodded at the Asterlings.
CS said, “Looks like they’re the reason that thing showed up.”
Captain said nothing.
They looked toward the corpse, then up toward the moon, then toward the Asterlings, then back toward the soldiers.
“What the hell does that mean? They led it here?”
CS shook their head.
“No sir. It chased them.”
Captain huffed.
“That’s the same thing, Carden.”
Carden stammered.
Captain turned to the Asterlings.
“You led that thing here?”
Binyelum nodded.
“More or less. We led it to the Strawberri Eight.”
Captain looked toward the city, then back toward Binyelum.
“Why?”
Binyelum said evenly, “To get away from it.”
Captain crossed their arms.
“So how’d you end up down here?”
“We got away.”
Captain shook their head.
“You think you’re smart?”
Binyelum smiled ruefully.
“Bad habit.”
They added, “We followed it.”
“You’re telling me you managed to escape that thing, and then you turned around and followed it? Why would you do something that stupid?”
Binyelum scratched the back of their head.
“Ahhh. Well it’s pretty embarrassing, now that I have to say it to a soldier.”
Captain rolled their eyes.
“Really?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“We wanted to see if we could get the doctor to mention us again.”
Captain snorted.
“The doctor mentioned you?”
Binyelum nodded.
“That thing caught up with us at Bridgemall.”
Captain looked toward the soldiers disassembling the corpse.
They stood silent for a long moment.
At last they said, “You dumbasses,” still keeping their attention on the working soldiers.
Binyelum chuckled nervously.
Captain continued.
“You just couldn’t stop yourselves, could you? Had to go and show your fucking faces here. Dumbass clout chasers. What were you expecting? A warm welcome?”
They turned back to face Binyelum.
“You think the doctor gives a shit how many of my men I had to watch die because of that thing?”
Binyelum raised both hands.
They said, with direct sincerity, “Pej. I am so sorry.”
Captain rolled their eyes.
“I should–”
They cut themselves off.
They huffed.
“Whatever.”
They turned to Carden.
“Why the hell did you bring them over here?”
Carden nodded.
“That one said they knew something useful about the pylons attached to that thing’s body.”
Captain looked at Binyelum, then toward the corpse.
“Frankly, Carden, I don’t really give a shit.”
Nobody said anything.
At last Carden said, “What should we do with them?”
Captain shook their head.
“I don’t care. Throw them into the bay.”
Carden blanched.
“Captain?”
Captain shook their head again.
“No. Don’t throw them into the bay.”
They paused, then added, “I really don’t care. Send them to the others. They’re a good fit.”
Carden nodded.
Both Carden and Tallboy saluted.
“Captain.”
Captain nodded, turned, and headed toward their men, both flanking soldiers following quickly behind.
Carden, Tallboy, and the Asterlings watched them walk away.
Binyelum shrugged.
“I really am sorry.”
Carden said, “Shut up.”
They gestured over their shoulder.
“Get moving.”
Binyelum said, “Where to?”
Tallboy said, “The Idea of a Place We’ve Never Been.”
Binyelum’s face lit up.
“That’s why you’re here!”
Tallboy huffed.
“Whatever.”
Carden gestured.
“Come on. Move it.”
Binyelum nodded at the Asterlings.
“You heard ‘em.”
They headed back the way they’d come, away from the circle of headlights, back into the oppressive dark.
Binyelum said, “You’re not gonna watch my Nissan, are you?”
Carden laughed.
Binyelum nodded.
“Figures.”
Tallboy said, “You can park it down with the others.”
Binyelum nodded again.
Carden gestured out into the night.
“Alright. Step off the concrete here. Head toward the grain elevator. Underneath it you’ll–”
Jhansi interrupted.
“The one where that alterling was crawling around?!”
Carden laughed.
“Yep.”
Jhansi looked at Binyelum.
She couldn’t get the picture of the alterling from the Washington Tower out of her head.
Binyelum put their hand on her shoulder.
“It’ll be fine.”
Tallboy said, “No wonder she pissed herself.”
Jhansi said, “Shut up!”
Tallboy laughed.
Carden said, “Underneath the grain elevator, the ground will start sloping toward the water. Turn left and it should be pretty obvious from there.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Thanks.”
Carden shrugged.
“Following orders.”
Binyelum nodded again.
“I get that.”
They paused, then added, “I hope you make it to the end.”
Carden shook their head.
“Tch.”
They turned to Tallboy, exchanged a look, and both headed back toward their compatriots.
Binyelum watched them go.
Jhansi said, “What’s a windshield painter?”
Binyelum laughed.
Sebastian said, “It means you’re birdshit.”
Jhansi made a face.
“You’re birdshit.”
Sebastian snorted.
Oren said, “It means you died on your very first night as an endling.”	
Jhansi frowned.
“What?”
Binyelum wiggled their index finger at her.
“It means you’re a worm.”
Jhansi scowled.
“Fuck off. I was never an endling.”
Binyelum shook their head.
“Sure thing, wormling.”
Jhansi glowered.
“No. No way. Absolutely not.”
Binyelum giggled.
“You’re the one who asked for a new title. I’m just trying to work with you.”
Static lashed throughout Jhansi’s interior space.
“You’re being a dick!”
Binyelum’s mouth fell into a hard line.
They raised both hands.
“Fine, whatever.”
Everyone stared at Jhansi.
Static stabbed through the back of her chest.
Fuck.
Jhansi crossed her arms.
She sneered, “Why’d you let them think I painted a windshield?”
Sebastian corrected, “You’re a windshield painter.”
Binyelum sighed.
“Better than trying to explain why you think you weren’t ever an endling.”
Jhansi groaned.
“Guys. I wasn’t.”
Binyelum raised both hands.
They deadpanned, “Right, right.”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
Velocity said, “Are we gonna do this all night?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“No. Let’s go join the party.”
Oren said, “You still haven’t told us where we’re going next.”
Binyelum paused.
They looked out toward the water.
They kept silent.
Velocity said, “Um. Hello?”
Bineylum said, “Let’s join the party first.”
Sebastian said, “After all that, you’re gonna leave Kiran hanging?”
Binyelum’s features shifted into an expression Jhansi didn’t understand.
They waited a long moment before replying.
“I think we could use the break.”
Oren gave Bineylum a long look.
Velocity shrugged.
“Fine by me.”
Sebastian raised both eyebrows.
“I can hang.”
Nancy’s mouth flattened into a line.
Binyelum said, “Let’s go.”
The Asterlings ducked back into Mambele. Jhansi again ended up on Oren’s lap. The deck of playing cards stared up at her from the floor behind the passenger’s seat. She grabbed it, and found the Sharpie lying in the darkness beside it.
The marker looked black.
Waitaminute.
Mambele reversed, then trundled toward the grain elevator, dismounting the concrete and crunching through the gravel.
Oren said, “Lucky break.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Money in the bank.”
Oren cocked his head.
“I meant us.”
Binyelum looked in the rearview mirror.
“You think?”
Oren knit his brows.
“They took care of that thing. You like the idea of having it prowling around all night with a fucking chip on its shoulder?”
Velocity said, “Boulder shoulder.”
Sebastian said, “What?”
Velocity reached across Jhansi and punched Sebastian’s shoulder.
Velocity said, “Because it’s an island.”
Sebastian deadpanned, “Wow.”
Binyelum said to Oren, “I dunno. Maybe it would’ve taken care of some other problems for us.”
Oren rolled his eyes.
“Tch.”
Binyelum narrowed their eyes.
“What’s going on back there?”
Oren shook his head.
“Nothing.”
Binyelum raised both eyebrows.
“Top ten signs your man is hiding something number fucking two, buddy.”
Oren let his head fall back against the car seat.
They passed beneath the grain elevator.
Jhansi swallowed.
Somewhere up there a disgusting alterling crept around, insect legs clinging to old metal as it leaned to watch them, Mambele reflected a thousand times in its bulging compound eyes.
A large, glistening barb punctured straight through Mambele’s roof, plunging into Oren’s skull, crushing his forehead, forcing both eyeballs from their sockets, a gush of blood spurting from his open mouth.
Oren said, “I just feel bad.”
Wait, what?
Jhansi swallowed again.
Her entire body shivered.
Fuck, she hated that.
Binyelum smiled warmly.
“You feel bad?”
Oren shrugged.
“Yeah.”
Binyelum cocked their head.
“About what?”
Oren shrugged again.
“The Final Hand guys.”
Binyelum nodded slowly.
“Ah. Yes. You would.”
Oren sat up and angrily threw his hands in the air.
“I just–”
He closed his mouth.
Binyelum said, “Everyone on the ground floor has it tough. You know that.”
Oren shrugged.
“They just get the shit end of everything.”
Binyelum nodded.
“That’s their choice.”
Mambele’s headlights dipped over a sudden dropoff, marked by a short concrete barricade. Binyelum turned the wheel to the left. The headlights found solid ground again, sloping away from them, down toward a semicircle of ten pairs of beaming headlights. Colored lights flickered in the center of the scene, not nebulites, but ones that strobed and swirled and danced, transitioning from hue to hue. The thump of uptempo music echoed up the slope.
Oren huffed.
“Is it?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“They could be out here with us.”
Oren shook his head.
“That’s not what I mean. I mean …”
He gestured again.
Binyelum said, “You mean, everyone sitting on top of them?”
Oren punched the seat with both fists.
“Yes!”
Binyelum nodded.
“I get that.”
They added, “But it’s not like it’s a secret.”
Oren sighed.
“I know.”
He added, “It still sucks.”
Jhansi pointed to the vortex of color.
“What’s that?”
Velocity said, “The Idea of a Place We’ve Never Been.”
Jhansi rocked her head back and forth between her shoulders.
“Yeah yeah yeah, but what is it?”
Binyelum said, “Party kids.”
Jhansi blinked.
“Party kids?”
Velocity grinned.
“Sex, drugs, rock and roll. You know, all that stuff you do in your free time.”
Jhansi’s eyes shot wide.
“What?”
She looked at Binyelum.
“Why?”
Binyelum laughed.
“Why what, princess?”
Jhansi made a face.
“Why would anyone want to do any of that stuff?”
Binyelum smirked.
“Why indeed, prudeling.”
Jhansi huffed.
“I mean tonight.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Me too.”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
“What the hell, Binyelum.”
Binyelum shrugged.
“Why is this different from any other night?”
Jhansi gestured around floppily.
“Because they’re going to fucking die!”
Binyelum raised both eyebrows.
“Don’t you want to have sex, do drugs, and listen to rock and roll before you die?”
Jhansi scowled.
“I–”
She crossed her arms.
Velocity laughed.
Sebastian said, “Wee woo, wee woo, purity police.”
Jhansi shot him a look.
“It’s not like that! I just–”
She gestured around again.
“–think people should have different priorities.”
Binyelum chuckled.
“That’s your prerogative, prudeling.”
Jhansi blinked.
“Wait.”
She narrowed her eyes.
“You’re not–”
She looked around at everyone else.
“You’re all gonna do that stuff?”
All the other Asterlings shrugged in unison, even Nancy, who hadn’t turned around once during the conversation.
Fuck.
Jhansi blushed.
Binyelum said, “You’re welcome to join.”
Jhansi said nothing.
She tried to imagine hitting a joint or whatever with Binyelum.
Static fucking roiled through her interior space, slashing across her back and arms.
Fuck.
The music grew louder, and with it came the sound of voices.
Jhansi leaned forward, curious in spite of her anxiety.
Three more red Infiniti G20s sat idling in the semicircle, a 1995 model, a 1996 model, and a 2002 model. A wide variety of other vehicles crowded in and around those. Jhansi noticed a beige 1981 Toyota Cressida, a light blue 1989 Honda Civic, and a lime green 1993 Isuzu Amigo, before something else pulled her attention.
Two pairs of teenagers stood in the center of the crowd, clasping hands and bobbing their heads with the music. The white light strobing across the scene beamed from the body of the long-haired teenager in the first pair, every exposed inch of their skin bursting with light patterned to emphasize the rhythm and drops in the music. The colored lights spiraling across the scene beamed from the eyes and mouth of the tattooed teenager in the second pair, hues shifting to emphasize tonal changes in the music.
The music itself emanated from another pair of teenagers who stood further back on the beach, clasping both each other’s hands and dancing together. The shorter of the two seemed to lead, their partner responding with liquid grace to their wild, jerky gyrations. Tiny Dancer’s movements synchronized perfectly with the music, and as Jhansi watched she realized that TD probably created the music with their movements.
Jhansi’s mouth fell open.
“Gifts?”
Binyelum grinned.
“Yep. Gifts.”
Jhansi looked around at everyone.
“How’s that help you fight Egaeus?”
Velocity said, “Helps you have a good time.”
Sebastian said, “How’s your gift help us fight Egaeus?”
Jhansi made a face.
Binyelum parked Mambele outside the semicircle, but made sure to point the headlights toward the center.
They left the key in the ignition and popped open their door.
“Let’s go make a scene.”
They stood, dramatically running a hand through their hair.
Nancy, Sebastian, and Velocity all filed out of Mambele.
Jhansi stayed put.
Oren said, “I do kind of want to go.”
Jhansi blinked at him.
“Sorry.”
She climbed out into the night.
Oren followed right behind.

Jhansi Aur - Encounter IV End

Kills
0000 - Binyelum
0000 - Oren
0000 - Velocity
0000 - Sebastian
0000 - Nancy
0000 - Jhansi

Shares
???? - Binyelum
???? - Oren
???? - Velocity
???? - Sebastian
???? - Nancy
0000 - Jhansi

Duration: ?? minutes

Rank: Overflowing Fountain
