Jhansi Aur - Encounter II
[1365 MINUTES REMAINING]
Lunar Terminator @ 5.21% Luminosity

Oren chirped, “We're here.”
He pulled Mambele into another parking lot, straddling the car across two parking spaces.
Mambele’s headlights outlined a familiar cafe. The light bloomed against the large front windows, falling in golden bands across an interior lit by deep red nebulites. Inside, several teenagers fought against a group of endlings.
Oren hissed, “Pejudo lo anmo.”
One of the endlings bared its teeth and took a heavy swing at a special one.
Jhansi saw for the first time the shape of an endling’s head. Wild eyes glared from beneath a predator’s brow. Teeth and tusks caught the light from Mambele’s headlights. Flared nostrils huffed hungry from a flat snout. Blue fur covered the monster’s face, running in a thick line up over the dome of its head and down the back of its neck. Probably covering most of its body. Jhansi didn’t really want to find out.
Oren squeezed the clutch trigger and slammed the shifter back down into park.
Velocity threw open their door and lurched outside, a dark look settling on their features.
Oren popped the trunk and followed Velocity, teeth bared and jaw set.
Jhansi turned in her seat to watch the teenagers retrieve their swords and pelt toward the cafe.
Mambele’s engine sang softly, headlights still glaring, trunk hanging open.
Oren disappeared through the narrow entryway door.
Velocity made straight for the front windows.
One of them gaped wide, the pane shattered.
Velocity vaulted unscathed through the opening.
They landed on the seat of a dining booth, stepped forward, and brought their bat around hard in a left-handed swing.
Jhansi sucked in air as the metal cracked against the back of an endling's skull.
The monster stumbled forward.
A flash of cyan in the shape of a fireman’s ax swung upward toward its face. The light drew shadowed lines of horror across its features. Rage and despair contorted what little expression it could make. It watched helplessly as the moment of its death arrived.
The ax split the monster’s face in half. The cyan burst into magenta. A harsh, mid-frequency metallic ringing echoed out from the cafe.
Momentum carried the ax upward through its arc.
The endling’s head completely fucking exploded.
Orange blood and pulpy meat fountained.
The corpse fell back against the dining table, arms spasming uselessly.
Holy fuck.
Jhansi stared at the teenager wielding the fireman’s ax.
They wore soft pink pastels. Their face looked manic, dripping with orange blood and gore. A snarl curled their lips.
They searched the scene.
Their eyes locked on Jhansi's through the shattered window.
Binyelum?
Plausible.
Princess Fireman's attention shifted back to the fight.
Jhansi looked away.
She searched for Oren.
Wait.
Shit.
Did he need help?
She hadn’t even thought to follow.
Jhansi lunged forward. The seatbelt jerked her to a stop. She cursed, unbuckled herself, threw open the door, stumbled out, tripped, and slapped both hands against the asphalt. A dull warmth told her she had opened her left palm. The door swung back and banged against her elbow. She yelped.
Wow.
Nice entrance, hero.
Exactly how much world saving did she expect to accomplish like that?
Ugh.
Jhansi looked up.
Nobody had seen her.
What a blessing.
She stood.
Now what?
She looked around for anything that resembled a weapon.
Inside the cafe, a short, stocky teenager dressed entirely in white swung a barbell in a wild arc to deflect an endling’s swiping attack.
Metal and claws connected and ricocheted with a force that set Jhansi’s teeth on edge.
Snowy tumbled backward.
Definitely not Binyelum.
Oren’s chainlock whipped out from behind the entryway door, connecting with the back of the endling’s skull.
The monster barked and stumbled.
Snowy scrambled away, wide eyes fixed on the teeth shining inches from their face.
Velocity had moved onto a different dining table.
They knelt, braced themselves, and brought their bat whistling into this second endling’s face.
Jhansi’s ears hummed with the impact.
The monster’s teeth fractured.
It fell hard onto its back.
Princess Fireman loomed.
Their ax traced a killcolored semicircle in the air.
Another killchime rang out.
The endling’s head exploded.
The special ones inside the diner looked around.
Nothing else moved.
Had that ended it?
Jhansi hadn’t done fucking anything.
A shape erupted from the shadows deeper inside the cafe.
A muscular, monstrous clawed hand, the back of it covered in desaturated red fur, swung wildly forward, battering into the cash register. Bills and coins scattered in the light. The box hurtled through the air.
Snowy dodged.
They tripped.
The projectile passed just above their head and caught Velocity square in the chest.
They let out a surprisd grunt and toppled backward.
Snowy glanced up at Velocity, then scurried backward on their ass.
A red endling lurched into the light.
It looked even more massive the fucking blue ones.
It tensed, reached back, and obliterated part of the counter with another powerful swing.
The crunch of fracturing hardware carried the unspoken weight of inevitability.
Splinters of wood and vinyl bounced through the room.
The endling stepped forward. It snarled at Snowy, sitting frozen in panic. They clung to their barbell, holding it braced against the floor.
The red endling raised both fists together above its head.
Princess Fireman readied their ax with both hands.
The endling’s swing started before Princess Fireman's.
Fuck.
Fuck!
Oren’s chainlock battered the back of the endling's skull.
The monster stumbled mid-swing, both fists hammering down directly onto Snowy’s barbell, knocking it out of their hands.
The barbell hit the floor, rang like a bell, and bounced into the air.
The incoming ax missed the endling’s head, instead sinking deep into its left shoulder.
The monster roared and recoiled, bucking its torso and wrenching the ax from Princess Fireman’s grip.
It backhanded the air with its right arm.
Snowy ducked again–apparently their only skill–and dodged the attack by an imperceptible margin.
The backhand caught Princess Fireman square in the chest.
They let out a sickly wheeze and spun down to their knees.
Oren’s chainlock cut the air again, but the endling had already started to turn. It caught the weapon mid-flight. Its muscles bulged. Its grip tightened.
Oren strained but couldn’t pull his chainlock free.
Velocity grunted and struggled to sit up.
Snowy crawled on all fours toward their barbell.
Princess Fireman staggered to their feet, absent their ax.
The endling would disarm Oren.
Then it would kill him.
Fuck.
Fuck!
Fuck! 
A flash of gold split Jhansi’s vision.
The endling’s hand fell to the floor, still gripping the chainlock.
Orange blood fountained.
The endling screamed.
A teenager wearing a jet black cropped jacket vaulted over the front counter.
Their descent took a thousand years, their long limbs flowing molten in an infinite rush.
Jet landed in a crouch and looked up toward their enemy.
A grimace of delight illuminated their features, lips stretching wide across bright animal teeth, exhilarated eyes fixing titanically on their target.
They produced a glittering gold machete.
It sparkled in the headlight radiance.
Jet gripped the handle with both hands so hard the tendons in their wrists stood out.
They squared their shoulders and tensed their legs.
When they spoke, their voice gleamed like a polished edge.
“Farewell dark heart.”
Their eyes hardened.
They launched themselves upward. 
The machete plunged straight and deep into the endling’s throat.
Orange blood splattered Jet’s face.
The monster clawed at their back, tearing their jacket, splitting flesh and spilling red blood.
They hissed.
The monster gurgled.
It swatted limply against Jet’s back.
Its eyes rolled back. Its mouth fell open. Orange blood gushed again.
Jet spat and smiled.
“Take care.”
Jet twisted their weapon. Killcolors flashed. The high frequency killchime shouted above the squelch of separating flesh. Wads of pulpy viscera burst forth. Jet smiled through the mess. They slid their weapon free. They shrugged off the endling’s arm and, staring down the monster’s slack jaw, pushed it backward.
It collapsed.
Holy.
Fuck.
Jhansi stared.
Holy fucking fuck.
Goosebumps prickled her skin.
How fucking skillful.
How fucking effortless.
How fucking cool.
Nobody else belonged at the top.
Jhansi whispered, “Wow.”
Oren shouted, “Binyelum!”
Binyelum raised a hand.
“Hi.”
They turned to face the other teenagers.
“Friends. It’s so good to see–”
They paused, staring out the shattered window.
Jhansi stood transfixed by a pair of brown eyes so dark they looked black.
The glare from Mambele’s headlights sharpened the contrast between the deep dark color of Binyelum’s skin and the orange blood dripping from their body.
Jhansi swallowed hard.
Binyelum pointed their machete at her.
“Who is that?”
Oren responded, but he didn’t answer the question.
“Duet, you're hurt.”
Velocity said, “That’s Jhansi.”
Binyelum blinked.
“Jhansi.”
They cocked their head and floated their gaze across Jhansi’s body.
Jhansi gazed back.
Binyelum, a nonbinary Black eighteen-year-old, had ropy muscles and the longest limbs Jhansi had ever seen. Neatly tied gold laces held their black high top Oxfords snug. A black leather belt with a gold buckle did the same for their ripped black skinny jeans. Their cropped black jacket had a front zipper and high collar. They left it unzipped. They wore nothing underneath. They’d done their hair in cornrows, and maybe applied the faintest touch of gold blush to their cheeks.
Wow.
Extra wow.
Who else could possibly lead this group, if not someone like that?
Binyelum said, “I don’t think she’s supposed to be here.”
Velocity gave the faintest frown.
“The rest of us are.”
Bineylum smiled softly.
“Yeah.”
They looked away from Jhansi, turning toward where Velocity stood on the dining table.
“You’re Velocity. Get down here so I can give you a hug.”
A hug?
Velocity laughed once, then jumped, landing hard on the red endling corpse.
“Dad, can’t we just play catch?”
Oh fuck off.
Of course Velocity would flirt.
Bineylum’s smile widened.
“Sweetheart, last time we played you threw the ball so hard you ruined the neighbor's chance at finding love.”
Double fuck off.
Of course Binyelum would flirt back.
It made sense, the two at the top.
Velocity barked.
They stepped off the corpse, composed their expression, and shook their head.
“Don’t call me sweetheart.”
Binyelum nodded gravely.
“Not in front of your friends, I understand.”
They pulled Velocity into a hug.
Snowy stepped closer to Binyelum.
“Hey, Binyelum, you’re hurt.”
They gestured.
“I don’t wanna run out of time.”
Binyelum gave Velocity a tight squeeze and turned.
They smiled.
“Sebastian. I’m glad you’re okay.”
The sixteen-year-old white boy gave Binyelum a strange expression, somehow managing to both widen and constrict his round features.
He wore an acid washed denim vest splashed with pink and gold paint, along with a plain white t-shirt and white joggers, and a pair of pink low top Chucks. His messy blonde hair fell across a pair of thick rimmed rectangular glasses. Two dark eyes peered out from beneath, almost completely hidden.
On his head Sebastian wore a crown of woven spring flowers, the colors noisily vibrant, pulling at Jhansi's attention.
Easy to see his place in the hierarchy.
At the bottom.
Well.
Not below Jhansi.
Binyelum reached an arm toward Sebastian, who grabbed their wrist.
Sebastian shook his head.
“Bold assumption, but let's go with it.”
His flower crown flashed. The colors swelled to an insane saturation, graphic beyond reality, then dimmed to muted, practically grayscale shades. An afterimage hung briefly in Jhansi’s vision, not an effect of the world but a response from her own assaulted retinas.
Binyelum gasped, grimaced, and reflexively returned Sebastian’s grip. Rays of golden light streamed from their wounded back. The light wavered as though blown about on some unseen breeze, then collapsed into disparate and fading particles.
Sharing a gift.
Huh.
Binyelum let out a sharp sigh.
“Thank you.”
They pulled Sebastian into a tight hug.
Sebastian kept his arms limp at his sides.
“Okay Dad.”
He pulled away and scratched the back of his head.
A blush sat atop his confused expression.
Fair.
Binyelum turned toward Oren.
“You did a great job.”
Oren sighed. He let his shoulders sag. He opened his mouth, then closed it.
Binyelum stepped forward, offering a hug.
Oren accepted and reciprocated with a quick, tight squeeze, then pulled away.
“You said you would be safe if I left you here.”
Binyelum made a face.
They put both hands on Oren’s shoulders.
Oren held their gaze.
Binyelum smiled.
“I said I’d make sure everyone was taken care of.”
Oren threw his hands wide.
“You could have died!”
Binyelum shrugged.
“I did.”
Oren opened his mouth, but Binyelum talked over him.
“And I will again.”
Oren blurted, “Duet! That’s not–”
But he didn’t have anything else to say.
Binyelum continued.
“Your sword got some experience.”
They nodded toward the bloody chainlock.
“You did a great job.”
Oren stood for a long moment, then made an indecipherable sound.
“You did too.”
Binyelum grinned.
“Thanks.”
They gestured around.
“We’re just getting started.”
They gave Oren another, longer hug, then stepped past him.
Princess Fireman stood at the edge of the group, caked bodily in orange blood, holding their ax loose by their side.
Binyelum said, “Nancy.”
Nancy nodded and stepped forward.
The twenty-year-old mixed Asian girl stood taller even than Binyelum. She wore a light pink track jacket with lime green racing stripes down the sleeves, tight peach-colored athletic shorts, and black-and-white Converse Weapons. She had pulled her strikingly black hair back into a high ponytail with a white scrunchie. A white choker outlined her toned neck.
Hard to place her in the hierarchy.
That weirdo marble statue intensity really blurred the lines.
Nancy's face remained expressionless for a long moment.
At last her mouth lifted into a slight smile.
She leaned in and hugged Binyelum.
Binyelum added, “Killer.”
Nancy backed away from the hug, her smile gone, her eyes hooded to hemispheres.
Binyelum squeezed her arm.
She tilted her head and raised her eyebrows.
Binyelum gave her a warm smile.
“Must be lonely at the top.”
Nancy blinked.
She rolled her eyes.
She gave a dark smirk.
Binyelum nodded.
They turned.
“And that leaves Jhansi.”
Oh shit.
Shit.
They meant to give her a hug.
Fuck!
Jhansi swallowed.
Fuck.
What the fuck?
Their arms pulling her in close, their chest pressed against her face, feeling their warmth, learning their scent.
What? 
Not in front of everyone else.
No way.
How fucking embarrassing.
On top of every other fucking thing?
Absolutely not.
She hadn’t even participated in the fight!
Except for the fucking scrape on her palm.
Fuck.
She pictured the production of it, everyone filing out of the cafe to surround her, clapping and whistling or whatever fucking bullshit they’d do while Bineylum locked her into an inescapable embrace. 
Could she turn it down?
Not without looking like a weirdo.
Fuck.
So, what?
Jhansi’s footsteps floated across the parking lot. She hurried into the building, passing close by the shattered window. She looked inside as she did, skipping once and raising an arm in salute.
Charming, right?
“Yes sir! I held the line, kept the enemy reinforcements at bay.”
Jhansi passed through the entryway door and found Velocity heading toward her.
They stopped and shouldered their bat.
Red shadows and gold highlights outlined their hard expression.
Their searching eyes met Jhansi’s. 
“That’s exactly what the enemy reinforcements would say.”
Jhansi blinked.
“Huh?”
Static threatened.
Binyelum stepped forward.
“She’s a bad guy?”
Oh for fuck’s sake, not another one.
Not them.
Jhansi turned.
She had no idea what expression she wore.
She probably looked pathetic.
Binyelum caught and held her gaze.
What did they see?
Probably just weakness.
Same as everyone else.
Jhansi couldn’t read Binyelum’s expression at all.
They didn’t look away.
Their dark eyes kept staring.
Jhansi swallowed.
She couldn’t take it.
She shifted her gaze to the right, looking through the busted window and out into the night.
Solace.
She mumbled, “I’m not an endling.”
Nice.
Smooth.
Real fucking cool.
Binyelum cocked their head.
“You’re a little small for an endling, don’t you think?”
Jhansi snapped her focus back to Binyelum.
They added, “And a little scared.”
Jhansi pursed her lips.
“I’m not scared.”
Nice lie.
Ugh.
Go on.
Ball your fists and stomp your feet, that’ll really convince them.
Oren said, “We found her in the 7-11 parking lot where I picked up Velocity.”
He paused.
“She doesn’t remember the daydreaming.”
Everyone turned to look at him.
He added, “She doesn’t have a sword. Or a gift.”
Binyelum blinked.
They looked between Oren and Jhansi with wide eyes.
They let out a chuckle.
“Holy shit.”
Oren nodded.
“Yeah.”
He paused.
“She’s quick on the pickup.”
Yet fucking again, Binyelum stared at Jhansi.
Everyone stared at Jhansi.
Ugh.
Jhansi said, “I’m not an endling.”
The little whine at the end?
Pathetic.
Binyelum agreed.
“Definitely not. You’re too–”
They gestured at the air.
“–obvious.”
What the fuck did that mean?
Jhansi said, “What the fuck does that mean?”
Yelping now, too?
A slow grin crept across Binyelum’s face.
They suppressed the expression.
They gestured at Jhansi’s hand with a nod.
“You hurt yourself?”
Jhansi covered up her palm and rolled her eyes.
“Fingering your mom, obviously.”
Binyelum cocked their head.
“My mother is an artificial intelligence construct. I think you would find her difficult to finger.”
Jhansi narrowed her eyes.
“Yeah, obviously, that’s why it hurt.”
Binyelum smirked.
“Obviously?”
Fuck.
Binyelum’s grin returned, bursting into fullness, their white teeth shining bright. 
They clapped their hands before Jhansi could reply.
“Okie dokie!”
They turned to address the assembled teenagers.
“Looks like we found some bonus content. But before we deal with this, let’s do the endling thing. Sebastian, you’re out of shares, right?”
Sebastian nodded.
Binyelum said, “What’s your recovery like?”
Sebastian shrugged.
“Bitches love a slow burn king.”
Binyelum smiled.
“Truly. Rearm your gift. Go ahead and use the red guy. The rest of us will new-game-plus the others.”
Velocity scowled, shifting their weight across their hips.
“You mean all of them?”
Ah.
Velocity acted like that with everyone.
Binyelum gave them a pensive look.
Jhansi looked between Binyelum and Velocity.
Binyelum shrugged. 
“You’ve got your baseline, right?”
Velocity’s scowl deepened.
“Yeah, but–”
Binyelum interrupted.
“Enough credits to play.”
Velocity huffed and rolled their eyes.
“I’m not gonna get giftsick.”
Binyelum nodded.
“I wouldn’t think so.”
Velocity growled.
“I meant, not on a couple blue guy memory cards.”
Binyelum nodded again.
“And I meant that I wouldn’t think so.”
Hang on.
Why the argument?
Good guys needed to new-game-plus dead endlings.
That seemed blatantly obvious, even to Jhansi.
Velocity blinked.
“Then what’s your fucking problem?”
Binyelum cocked their head.
“My problem?”
Velocity gestured roughly.
“Yes. Your fucking problem. You’re gonna waste all these memory cards.”
They gestured again.
“Why?”
Bineylum blinked.
“Waste?”
Yeah, what?
Binyelum stepped toward Velocity.
Their eyes searched their teammate’s face.
“Why do you think you’re here?”
Velocity opened their mouth, then closed it.
They scowled.
“Tch.”
They broke Binyelum’s gaze.
Huh.
Maybe not as high in the hierarchy as Jhansi had thought.
It felt kind of good, seeing them bested.
Oren stepped toward Velocity.
“You new-game-plus’d that endling in the parking lot.”
Velocity made a face.
“Yeah. I take my meds, too. I’m not a fucking monster.”
Binyelum clasped their arms behind their back and leaned forward.
“You don’t intend to new-game-plus any other endlings?”
Velocity gave them the middle finger.
“Guess these intentions, catboy.”
Bineylum chuckled once.
They closed their eyes and shook their head.
“No catboys allowed.”
Velocity stared.
“What?”
They shook their head.
“Whatever. Your plan’s bullshit.”
Binyelum gave Velocity a long look, then cocked their head.
“Why?”
Velocity huffed.
They gestured around at the corpses.
“This is as easy as it gets. Those are basically freebies.”
They paused.
“The difficulty only goes one fucking direction.”
Binyelum nodded.
“And you’ll get stronger along the way.”
Velocity growled.
“Won’t make my gift any fucking cheaper.”
Binyelum blinked.
A strange smile lit up their eyes.
They leaned back and crossed their arms.
“Ah.”
They paused.
“You want to be able to use your gift.”
Velocity smacked their forehead.
“Duh!”
Binyelum’s smile widened. They looked briefly into the distance. Some indecipherable emotion played across their face. They nodded to themselves, then looked back at Velocity.
“There’s a reason you’re here.”
Binyelum offered nothing else.
Velocity said, “Okay?”
They made a face.
“What the hell does that mean?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“Guess we’ll have to find out.”
They paused, then nodded toward the nearest blue endling corpse.
“Take a memory card with you. Save it for when you need it, don’t waste it on bonus shares. Everyone else, you know what to do.”
Sebastian chimed in.
“Honestly I’m on Velocity’s side.”
What?
Binyelum turned.
They looked Sebastian over.
“You’re worried.”
They cocked their head.
“About dying?”
Well yeah.
Just look at him.
Sebastian raised both eyebrows.
“Well yeah.”
Binyelum nodded.
“You're worried about being hurt?”
Sebastian scowled slightly.
“I just think it makes sense to be prepared.”
Binyelum blinked.
“You don’t feel prepared?”
Sebastian’s scowl deepened.
“You know what I mean.”
Binyelum nodded slowly.
“I think I do, but I don’t agree.”
Sebastian made a face.
“With what part?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“The idea that keeping these memory cards will make us more prepared. We’re playing by different rules than we were last night.”
Sebastian scoffed.
“I know that.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Right. Good. We’ll all be at our baseline by the next encounter. Do you know what that’ll look like?”
Sebastian glared.
He allowed the moment of silence to drag on before replying.
“No.”
Binyelum nodded again.
“Right. Then, what seems more likely? That we’ll come out alive because we were able to use a few bonus shares? Or that we’ll come out alive because we used our gifts to their full natural potential, and prioritized analysis and adaptation over an easily telegraphed dependency on a single gimmick?”
Again, who else belonged on top?
Sebastian stared at Binyelum.
He let out a long sigh and looked away.
“Ugh.”
He rolled his eyes up to the ceiling.
“Is it gonna be like this the whole fucking night?”
Binyelum smiled.
“Yep.”
They paused.
Their tone softened.
“It was pretty rough, wasn’t it? The way you went out last night?”
Wow.
Jhansi blinked.
Sebastian sighed again, still staring at the ceiling.
He swallowed.
Jhansi heard the click of his throat.
Binyelum nodded once.
“I’m sorry it was like that.”
They paused.
“Don’t let that be the most important memory.”
Sebastian looked back at Binyelum, wearing an expression Jhansi absolutely did not understand.
Good guys didn't usually argue this much, right?
It didn't really matter.
Jhansi had lost her patience.
She blurted, “I’m on Binyelum’s side!”
Everyone turned to look at her.
None of them looked impressed.
Heat rose in Jhansi’s cheeks.
Stupid.
Binyelum narrowed their eyes.
“There aren’t sides.”
Ugh.
Jhansi shot them a look.
“That’s how Sebastian said it.”
Ugh.
Nice fucking pout.
Jhansi gestured.
“You know what I mean.”
Binyelum stared.
Ugh!
Jhansi gestured again.
“I agree with you.”
Binyelum pursed their lips.
“Do you?”
For fuck’s sake.
Jhansi furrowed her brows.
“Yes?”
Binyelum stared.
“Why?”
Okay seriously.
Pushing back against disagreement made sense.
But against active support?
What fucking gives?
Jhansi frowned.
“Why what?”
Binyelum nodded.
“Why do you agree with me?”
Did they just not believe her?
Jhansi spoke slowly.
“Because it’s good to make more good guys?”
Binyelum cocked their head.
“Good guys?”
Jhansi waited for more.
Binyelum stayed silent, looking at her expectantly.
Jhansi raised her eyebrows.
“Yes?”
She made a face.
“Good guys.”
She gestured around at everyone.
“Like, you guys?”
Velocity giggled.
“Hey, we’re the good guys!”
Sebastian looked strangely pained.
“Hell yeah.”
Now what?
Jhansi looked between them.
“What?”
Oren ran a hand through his hair.
Jhansi looked at him.
“Are you not the good guys?”
Oren shrugged.
“It … doesn’t really work that way.”
More ambiguity!
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
“Oh for fuck’s sake. What do you mean?”
Binyelum cocked their head to the other side.
“Why do you think we’re the good guys?”
Still with this shit?
Had she misjudged them?
Had her desperation to fit in with the cool kids obscured the truth?
Jhansi looked around.
Every one of them, a former endling.
Maybe she didn’t fully understand what that meant.
But then where did the good guys come from?
They had to come from somewhere.
Jhansi looked at Binyelum.
“I mean–”
She swung her arms floppily around at the endling corpses.
“–obviously they're not the good guys.”
Binyelum stared at her.
“Obviously.”
For a moment nobody spoke.
Jhansi blinked.
“Yes?”
Velocity laughed.
“Fuck it.”
They grinned so wide their mouth seemed to stretch beyond their cheeks.
“Let's make more good guys.”
Binyelum smiled softly.
“Really?”
Velocity shrugged.
They chuckled.
“Yeah, sure, what the hell, why not?”
Light winked off their pendant.
Sebastian said, “Good guys die first.”
Binyelum cocked their head.
“You read that on a Taco Bell hot sauce packet?”
Sebastian blinked slowly.
“Nope.”
Binyelum gave him a thin smile.
“You don’t believe in truth, justice, and the magical power of friendship?” 
Sebastian shook his head.
“Nah.”
He jabbed his barbell toward Jhansi.
“I don’t believe in her.”
Fuck.
These kids really did not want to trust in her.
Next would come all the reasons they thought her a weak, lying piece of trash.
Fuck.
Could she manage to prove her worth?
What worth?
A shaft of static stabbed straight through Jhansi’s chest.
She gasped aloud.
“What?”
She turned a plaintive look on Binyelum.
“What did I do?”
Binyelum gave her a small shrug.
“I have no idea.”
They shrugged wider.
“I guess we’ll have to find out.”
Jhansi made a face.
She opened her mouth, but Binyelum cut her off.
“In due time.”
They turned to Sebastian.
“Right now I want to find out if you think we should leave her behind.”
Yep.
Of course.
After all this other bullshit.
Another spear of static stabbed through Jhansi.
More crackled to life around the perimeter of her interior space.
She knew how this would go.
She did not have the energy right now to listen to every one of these teenagers belittling her.
She retreated, backing deeper into her interior space.
Writhing, snapping tendrils of voltage slowly snaked after her.
Sebastian looked at Jhansi.
“Maybe she has friends.”
He shrugged.
“If we’re less well-armed, we’ll be easier to ambush.”
Wait.
What?
Jhansi blurted, “What?”
She shook her head.
“You think I have friends here?”
Velocity laughed.
“Yeah man, sorry, I don’t think she has any friends.”
Oh fuck off.
Binyelum blinked.
They gave Sebastian a searching look, turned to Velocity, then to Jhansi, then back to Sebastian.
“You didn’t answer my question.”
Sebastian blinked.
“Oh.”
He looked at Jhansi, who stared back with wild eyes.
Binyelum repeated, “Do you think we should leave Jhansi behind?”
Fuck.
What if Sebastian said yes?
Would they really leave her behind?
What would that mean?
Would she die?
What about her singular place in the netherlume shift?
Without an ultrarare specialing, how could they beat Egaeus?
They had to keep her in the party.
They needed her.
Or they all really would die.
Couldn’t Sebastian see that?
Sebastian let out a deep sigh.
He rolled his eyes and spoke to the ceiling.
“It really is gonna be like this the whole night.”
He paused.
“No, I don’t want to leave her behind.”
Binyelum smiled.
“Glad that’s settled.”
Sebastian lowered his head to find all the assembled teenagers staring at him. He blushed faintly. He quickly looked away, down toward the corpse of the red endling.
“Guess I can’t complain.”
He shrugged.
“Get to keep my own shares up.”
He looked around.
“Remember.”
He gestured toward Jhansi.
“If she fucks up–”
He gestured across the group.
“–and any of you get hurt–”
He gestured at himself.
“–I’m the one risking their shit to take care of it.”
Wait.
Really?
Well.
Fair.
Reasonable for a healer. 
Jhansi said, “We’ll keep you safe.”
Everyone turned to stare at her.
Nancy looked unaffected, her neutral expression almost alien beneath a dripping mask of orange blood. Sebastian looked unamused, a scowl close to disgust settling on his face, his hands squeezing and twisting the shaft of his barbell. Velocity looked unconvinced, their eyebrows raised behind the bat they tossed back and forth between their hands. Oren looked charmed, his mouth fighting a strange smile as he dug his hands into his pockets and rocked back on his heels.
Binyelum positively beamed.
Jhansi blinked.
Had she really said something deserving of that much attention?
Sebastian forced a laugh.
“Yeah? You will keep me safe?”
Jhansi looked around.
Nobody else said anything.
She looked back at Sebastian.
“Well, yeah.”
She paused.
“Obviously.”
Binyelum interrupted.
“Obviously.”
Jhansi shot them a look.
“Obviously.”
She gestured at Sebastian.
“You're the healer.”
Sebastian stared at her.
Jhansi waited for a response.
None came.
She continued.
“Y’know.”
She attempted to mime strategic formations with her hands.
“You're not supposed to be at the front of the party?”
She gave Sebastian a look.
“It's everyone else's job to make sure you don't get hurt.”
She smiled and gestured around.
“So that you can take care of them.”
Sebastian stared at her some more.
He turned to Binyelum.
“Is she for real?”
What?
Why the attitude?
Everyone here has such a weird relationship with the obvious rules.
Binyelum chuckled.
“I guess we’ll have to find out.”
Sebastian blinked.
His eyes went unfocused.
He stared at nothing for a long moment, then shrugged.
“Well, whatever.”
He shook his head.
“Fine. But–”
He gestured around with his barbell.
“You all have to keep me safe.”
He paused.
“It's your job.”
Velocity giggled.
“Don't worry, little bro. We won't let the bad guys get you.”
Sebastian stuck out his tongue.
Binyelum said, “So we're good.”
Nobody disagreed.
“Cool. Let's do the thing. Sebastian, I need the red guy’s memories first.”
Huh?
Sebastian nodded.
“Sure thing.”
Jhansi asked, “Memories?”
Binyelum blinked.
Jhansi blinked back.
Binyelum stared for a moment, then chuckled.
“Jhansi, what do you think is inside a memory card?”
Ugh.
Duh.
Jhansi blushed.
“I didn’t know you could extract the memories.”
Binyelum blinked again.
They laughed.
Their teeth sparkled.
Their chest bucked up and down.
Ugh.
Binyelum asked, “Extract?”
What did they mean by that?
Why that tone?
Annoyance prickled the back of Jhansi’s neck.
She threw her arms in the air.
“Whatever! You know what I mean!”
Binyelum shook their head.
Light danced on their gold-splashed cheeks.
Ugh.
Binyelum said, “No, I don’t know what you mean. Explain it.”
Oh for fuck’s sake.
Jhansi stomped a foot.
She waggled both her hands in the air.
“Pull the memories out of the card, or whatever!”
She waggled her hands between herself and Binyelum.
“You know what I mean!”
Binyelum smiled softly.
“Oh.”
Their smile widened mischievously.
“That.”
They nodded.
“Obviously.”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
She growled, dragging out the vowel sounds.
“Obviously.”
Binyelum winked at her.
What a bitch.
Binyelum looked around at everyone.
“Okay. Too much talky and we get deadlocky.”
They nodded.
Everyone started on their own tasks.
Jhansi counted four corpses: Three blue endlings–one she hadn’t watched die, lying mostly decapitated deeper into the cafe–and the red endling.
The aftermath of the violence made it difficult to see for certain, but it looked like each monster had a unique fur pattern.
The red endling had fucking muttonchops.
One by one, Nancy, Velocity, Oren, and Binyelum each knelt and pushed a hand deep into the body of a monster.
Jhansi glanced sidelong at Sebastian.
Might as well cross the divide, right?
She nodded at the others.
“Kinda like a dance, huh?”
Sebastian looked at her.
The sound of soft, wet meat slopping onto the floor filled the silence between them.
Jhansi swallowed, trying and failing to look casual.
Sebastian said, “Yeah. Single Limb Hokey Pokey.”
Jhansi narrowed her eyes.
“Doesn't that kind of defeat the point of the Hokey Pokey?”
Sebastian shrugged.
“Depends on what you think the point is.”
Why had she opened her mouth again?
Jhansi narrowed her eyes.
“I dunno, I think that song is pretty explicit about the point of it.”
Sebastian raised an eyebrow.
“Explicit?”
He used the same weird tone as Binyelum.
Jhansi threw her hands into the air.
“Not you too!”
Binyelum pulled back their hand and held aloft their retrieved treasure. A small bulb of endling insides slid from the memory card and splattered onto the floor. Binyelum stared at the prize for a beat, then brought it to their mouth and kissed it. The gesture left an orange stain on their lips. They stared at the card for another beat, then crushed it. Their body froze for the briefest moment.
Jhansi stared at the plunging topography of the veins and tendons in their wrist.
Binyelum raised their eyebrows at Jhansi.
“Yes?”
Jhansi’s eyes shot wide open.
She waved her hands wildly.
“I was just wondering what kinds of memories are in there!”
Binyelum grinned.
They licked their lips.
“Fun ones.”
Jhansi blushed.
She tried to look away from Binyelum’s teeth but couldn’t.
Her mind raced.
She blurted the first complete thought she could think of.
“What kinds of memories are in your memory card?”
Binyelum’s grin fell into a straight, pensive line.
Jhansi managed to look away.
She glanced around the room.
Oren, who had just finished his ritual, stood and gave Jhansi a look.
Velocity, kneeling with their arm buried in a corpse, stared at Jhansi over their shoulder.
Sebastain gave Jhansi a look different from Oren’s.
Nancy, already finished with her ritual, leaned against a dining table and crossed her arms.
Nobody’s eyes felt safe.
Great.
She should just stop trying.
Binyelum blinked slowly.
They tilted their head to one side, stepped closer to Jhansi, and tilted their head to the other side.
They blinked again, several times.
They huffed.
“Fun ones.”
Ugh.
Jhansi made a face.
“Sure.”
Sebastian said, “Aw. Don’t we look like we know how to have fun?”
Jhansi scowled.
“What?”
Binyelum said to Jhansi, “What kinds of memories are in your memory card?”
Wait.
Jhansi blinked.
“I …”
She gestured around.
“…don’t have one?”
Binyelum narrowed their eyes.
“No?”
Jhansi shrugged roughly.
“Yes? No? Obviously?”
Binyelum blinked.
“Obviously.”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
“Yes, obviously.”
Just fucking rub it in.
“I can’t fucking do any of the cool shit you guys can do.”
Binyelum cocked their head.
“No?”
They straightened.
“What do you feel–”
They raised an index finger with a flourish and pointed at their own chest.
“–in here?”
Jhansi blinked.
“What?”
Binyelum reiterated, “What do you feel in here?”
Jhansi narrowed her eyes.
“Am I supposed to be able to feel my memory card?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“You tell me.”
Oh fuck off.
Jhansi threw her hands into the air.
“Ugh!”
She crossed her arms.
“Fine!”
She closed her eyes. Her brows knit together automatically. She tried concentrating on the sensations in her body. Raw tension permeated her entire experience. Just like always.
She opened her eyes.
“Nothing.”
Binyelum stared.
“Nothing.”
Jhansi shrugged.
“Yeah, nothing.”
Binyelum didn’t reply.
Jhansi added, “See? I told you.”
Binyelum raised their index finger to their chin and looked toward the ceiling.
“Hm.”
They kept their head tilted up but brought their gaze down onto Jhansi.
“No sword, no gift, no memory card.”
They paused.
“I wouldn’t have thought something like that could even exist in the netherlume shift.”
Yeah yeah yeah.
Jhansi threw open her hands.
“Then what? Fuck me, I guess?”
Binyelum smiled.
“That’s your best question so far.”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
“Haha, very funny.”
She paused.
A realization sank in.
She’d expected this, but hadn't thought it all the way through.
Hm.
She pursed her lips.
“You really don’t know, do you?”
Binyelum slowly lowered their head.
They shook it silently.
Fuck.
Jhansi exhaled.
“Fuck.”
Binyelum said, “I know someone who probably does, though.”
Jhansi didn't mask her irritation.
“Yeah? Let me guess, there's a seer–”
She waggled her fingers.
“–hidden deep in the woods that I have to go find?”
Binyelum’s expression didn’t change.
“There’s no seer, Jhansi. No one can tell you the answer.”
What?
Jhansi blinked.
“But you ju–”
Binyelum talked over her.
“The only person who knows what the fuck your deal is–”
They leaned forward, coming closer than at any point so far.
Jhansi smelled wet grass and fresh autumn leaves.
Binyelum raised a hand, pointing at Jhansi.
They reached forward. 
Jhansi watched transfixed as Binyelum’s index finger closed the distance to her forehead.
Her eyebrows rose.
Her eyes crossed.
Wait.
Binyelum hadn’t given her that hug.
They hadn't touched her at all yet.
Fuck!
Binyelum’s finger stopped a hair’s breadth from Jhansi’s forehead.
“–is right here.”
Oh jeez.
Jhansi huffed.
She rolled her eyes and took a step back.
“I said I don’t feel anything.”
Sebastian cut in.
“Robo-Jhansi.”
Binyelum looked at him.
They looked back at Jhansi.
They retracted their arm.
“I believe you.”
They paused.
“Mostly.”
Why the fuck wouldn’t they let up?
Jhansi whined, “Mostly?”
Wow.
Great job.
Binyelum stared at her for a moment.
They looked at Oren, then Velocity.
“Did either of you try to share your gift with her?”
Oren shook his head.
Velocity said, “Negatory.”
Binyelum nodded.
“So maybe–”
They gave Jhansi a slow blink.
“–she’s just a really good liar.”
A spear of static stabbed through Jhansi’s chest.
Her breath caught in her throat.
Binyelum’s eyes flashed. A wild, vulpine smile exploded across their face.  Their teeth filled Jhansi’s vision.
Binyelum’s hands rushed toward Jhansi, wide and confident predator jaws.
They took their prey, wrapping easily around Jhansi’s wrists, enfolding her in a humming heat.
She gasped.
Her arms tingled. 
Her neck tingled.
Her whole body tingled.
She forgot the spear of static.
She stared at the spot where their bodies met.
Maybe for a thousand years.
Should she pull away?
She looked up into Binyelum’s eyes.
Binyelum crooned, “Show me what you are.”
They squeezed.
Jhansi held perfectly still.
Nothing happened.
Jhansi’s reflection stared back at her from the mirror of Binyelum’s eyes.
Binyelum’s mouth quirked, not quite into a frown.
“Hm.”
They sounded disappointed.
Sebastian deadpanned, “Wild.”
Velocity said, “See?”
Binyelum released Jhansi’s wrists.
She kept them aloft for an awkward moment before lowering them to her sides.
Her face flushed.
Yet again, everybody fucking stared at her.
Probably thinking about what a little fucking baby she looked like.
Stupid, swooning brat, losing her fucking mind.
They probably thought she’d spend the last few minutes craving that touch.
As fucking if.
More static pierced her heart.
She ground her teeth together.
Her face reddened further.
For everyone to see.
Well fuck them.
What the fuck did they know?
She hadn’t asked for this.
She hadn’t asked for any of this.
Clamorous waves of static sparkled and swelled around the perimeter of Jhansi’s interior space.
She glowered.
“Happy?”
Binyelum blinked at her, their expression perfectly neutral.
A gentle smile spread its way across their face.
They nodded.
“Very.”
Their smile widened to a grin.
“I wasn’t betting you were that good of a liar.”
Oh fuck off.
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
“Fuck off.”
The corners of Binyelum’s mouth shifted downward.
“Yeah? You’d rather be a better liar?”
Fuck.
The static rolled inward.
Pain licked across Jhansi’s body.
She growled, “No.”
Velocity stepped forward.
“You know, gifts don’t work on endlings.”
Fuck.
The perimeter of Jhansi’s interior space ignited.
Arcs of static whipped through the air, snapping blistering patterns across Jhansi’s body.
Jhansi stumbled.
She fled into the back of her interior space.
The static pursued.
Jhansi whirled on Velocity.
“I’m not an endling! How many times do I have to tell you?”
Binyelum said, “Depends on how many similarities you’re going to show us.”
Sebastian said, “Next you have to answer for your outfit.”
Jhansi whirled again, frantically waving her hands.
“All anyone has done tonight is make fun of me and tell me I’m going to die!”
Binyelum said, “You’re smiling.”
Jhansi checked her expression.
Fuck.
What the entire fuck.
Grinning like an attention-starved little brat.
Here, in front of all these impossibly cool teenagers.
Letting them think she needed them to like her.
Letting them think she needed any of this.
What an unbelievably stupid bitch.
And of course, now she’d completely fucking lose it.
The static caught up with her.
She smashed her foot down onto the cafe floor.
Orange blood splashed.
Pain shot straight up into her knee. 
Good.
She deserved it.
She did it again.
More blood splashed.
Her knee hurt worse.
She shrieked, burning her throat.
“I’m not fucking smiling!”
She took a deep breath, mustering the energy to shriek even louder.
What did it matter?
She’d already gone too far.
Everyone in the room hated her.
They gawked, disgusted.
Static stabbed into her from every pair of eyes.
She couldn’t come back.
She couldn’t make them understand.
She screamed.
“Fucking leave me alone!”
Jhansi whirled a third time, grinding her teeth, pulling her lips back into a snarl.
Blood pounded in her ears.
Everything hurt.
She lifted her leg and kicked.
It didn’t really matter what she hit.
The bottom of her foot connected with the edge of a dining table.
It slid away from her, the other end smacking into a window. The pane rattled. A shaker of sugar and a tray of cream and jam packets spilled their contents onto the floor.
Jhansi whirled a final time, to face everyone, hunched, breathing hard, body stiff, her hair caught in her eyes.
“Just fucking leave me alone!”
Silence billowed through the cafe, receding and resurging with Jhansi’s every breath.
Nobody moved.
Nobody spoke.
Way to go.
Good fucking job, kid.
Really did it this time.
Tears threatened behind Jhansi’s eyes.
No.
Absolutely fucking not.
Jhansi backed away.
She sat herself at the dining table she had just kicked and crossed her arms, squeezing them tightly.
Her hair obscured her sight.
She felt grateful for that.
She kept her gaze firmly fixed on the ground.
The static had mostly dissipated.
Everything felt bruised.
Jhansi waited for everyone to leave.
Nobody moved.
At last Binyelum spoke.
“Okay.”
Jhansi flinched.
Don’t.
Don’t fucking do that, Binyelum.
Just fucking leave.
Binyelum continued.
“Fine.”
Jhansi had no idea how to interpret their tone. She couldn’t bring herself to look up. She curled in on herself, squeezing her arms tighter and hunching over.
“I’m sorry.”
Binyelum ignored the apology.
Their tone hardened.
“You're not an endling. You're not a special one. You're literally the weakest thing here.”
Jhansi cringed.
Binyelum didn’t stop.
“You're going to die, and you’re probably going to die first.”
It felt like the truth.
Jhansi spat, “Fuck.”
Binyelum continued.
“There's nothing you can offer to anyone. You don't have a memory card. You don't have a gift. You don't have a sword.”
They paused.
“You're useless.”
The truth fucking hurt.
Jhansi had no defenses or energy left.
Binyelum continued.
“And you're a bitch.”
Fuck.
Jhansi mewled, “I’m not a bitch.”
Binyelum gave a dry laugh.
“Yeah? Then what was all of that?”
Oren stepped forward.
“She did that on the way here, too.”
He paused.
“She's–”
He paused again.
“–just going through a lot.”
Jhansi finally looked up.
Binyelum turned to Oren.
“Okay.”
Jhansi said, “I’m sorry.”
Binyelum looked down at her.
“Okay.”
Jhansi repeated, “I’m sorry.”
Binyelum repeated, “Okay.”
Barbs of static stabbed directly into Jhansi’s skull.
“Fine!”
She looked away.
“Just leave me on the side of the road to die.”
Velocity groaned.
Binyelum said, “Is that what you want?”
Ugh.
Why this whole fucking charade?
Jhansi pouted, “Isn't that what you want?”
Binyelum exhaled through their nose.
“No.”
Jhansi blinked.
She looked up.
Binyelum’s hard eyes stared down at her.
“Now, Jhansi, answer my question.”
Jhansi stared at them.
Her leg fucking hurt.
She glanced around.
Nancy stood at the outside of the circle, staring directly at her.
Sebastian sat at a different dining table, also staring at her.
Velocity leaned on their bat with both hands, looking between Jhansi and Binyelum.
Oren stood with his hands stuffed in his pockets and his mouth quirked to the side, chewing a piece of bubblegum, communicating to Jhansi something with his eyes which she did not understand.
Binyelum loomed above her, impenetrable.
What if she said yes?
Jhansi pictured it. 
The pervasive sigh of relief. The procession of turned backs filing out of the cafe. The light from Mambele gliding along their swords.
She wouldn’t watch them go.
No way in hell would she watch them go.
And give them the satisfaction of knowing that she regretted her choice?
Not a fucking chance.
But she’d hear the thump of Mambele’s trunk.
And the doors.
And the rumble of those beautiful bells as the engine revved.
Mambele would back away and the gold light would go with her, leaving Jhansi staring at the floor, surrounded by corpses washed in ambient red light.
Would anyone look back as they drove away?
Of course not.
Static hummed weakly along the periphery of Jhansi’s interior space.
She exhaled.
“Fine.”
She paused.
“No.”
She paused again.
“That’s not actually what I want.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Good.”
They nodded again.
“Because that would really suck.”
What?
Jhansi blushed.
“What? Really?”
She looked around at the other teenagers, then back at Binyelum.
“More than bringing me along?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“That’s up to you, kiddo.”
Jhansi frowned.
The games really would never end.
She gestured with her hands.
“What about all that dead weight shit?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“Just being a mirror.”
Jhansi frowned deeper. 
She looked sidelong at the dining table, at the spilled packets of cream and jam.
She blushed deeper, too.
“I’m sorry.”
Binyelum said, “I know. You already said that.”
Jhansi blinked.
Sebastian said, “Not to shit in your cereal–”
Oren lamented, “Gross.”
Velocity said, “Limited seasonal release.”
Oren repeated, “Gross!”
Sebastian pressed on.
“But, what’s Jhansi going to do? Is she just going to–”
He made a face and shrugged.
“–sit in Mambele all night? Like, that’s fine, I guess. But also, is it?”
Binyelum nodded.
“Frosted shit flakes indeed.”
Velocity said, “Does it come out frosted, or …?”
Oren moaned, “Gross!”
Binyelum replied, “Patented frosting process.”
Nancy appeared in the middle of the circle, making an absolutely terrifying face at Binyelum.
Binyelum’s eyes shot wide, for just a second.
They raised both hands and smiled sheepishly.
“My bad.”
Nancy backed up, her expression softening, but not entirely.
Binyelum turned back to Jhansi.
“Sebastian’s right, though. It’d be like sending a toddler into traffic if we brought you into a fight the way you are.”
Jhansi thought about how it would feel to spend twenty-four hours watching everyone else fight from behind the windshield of a sedan.
Not a fucking chance.
“I mean, can’t I just grab–”
She looked around the cafe.
“–a fire extinguisher or something?”
Velocity laughed.
“That’s your idea of a sword?”
Jhansi shrugged.
“I don’t know.”
She shrugged harder.
“It’s just the first thing that came to mind!”
Binyelum cupped their chin.
“I do like the commitment.”
Sebastian said, “That’s … not really what I was thinking.”
Bineylum looked at him.
Sebastian said, “I mean, will a regular-ass makeshift weapon–”
Velocity giggled.
“Makeshit weapon.”
Nancy gave them a warning look.
Sebastian continued.
“–do anything?”
Binyelum gave him a look that Jhansi didn’t understand.
“You’re worried that she’s going to die?”
Sebastian didn’t reply for a long moment.
“Alright, I get it.”
Binyelum directed the same look at Jhansi.
“She’s here. She gets to choose her fate, same as the rest of us.”
Jhansi stared back at Binyelum and felt her stomach tighten.
Sebastian said, “Okay.”
He shrugged.
“But I’m not jumping in to save her when she starts getting her frosted shit flakes pushed in.”
Velocity scowled.
“Yeah, that’s not your job, remember?”
Huh.
Surprising.
Sebastian flushed and stayed silent.
Also surprising.
Binyelum gestured around the cafe.
“Go ahead, tryhardling. Search the armory. Just don’t take too long.”
What?
Now this?
Jhansi pouted, “Tryhardling?”
Velocity shrugged.
“Could be weakling.”
Oren said, “Velocity.”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
“Yeah yeah yeah, I get it.”
She slapped her knees with her hands and pushed herself to her feet. The swish of her skirt felt dramatic, so she threw back her head to clear the hair from her face. It almost kind of worked.
Sebastian turned to Binyelum.
“Hey, I still need that memory card.”
Jhansi paused to watch.
Binyelum held out a fist and opened it.
“They’re grrreat.”
The shards of the shattered memory card twinkled in their palm. A small, jagged piece stood upright, embedded into the soft skin of Binyelum’s middle finger. It toppled, clinking against the others.
Faint traces of something dark swirled inside Jhansi.
The memory card looked fucking delicious.
Sebastian stepped forward and Binyelum tipped the shards delicately into his outstretched hand.
They chimed like tiny bells.
Sebastian tilted back his head and tipped the shards into his open mouth.
He chewed, his jaw pistoning, the memory card snapping and popping into bite-sized fragments.
His throat bobbed.
The colors of his flower crown blinked back to oversaturation.
Jhansi asked, “What’s it taste like?”
She added, “Don’t–”
Sebastian grinned and said, “Flakes of frosted shit.”
Jhansi glanced at Nancy, who stood glowering at Sebastian.
Everyone paused.
Binyelum turned to Jhansi, their mouth upward.
“Well, we're waiting on you.”
Jhansi flushed.
She looked around the cafe.
Not gonna find what she needed in the dining area.
She pushed past the other teenagers, stepped through the shattered counter, and put a hand on the kitchen door.
She couldn’t stop herself from looking back.
Her eyes lit on the torn back of Binyelum's jacket. Sebastian’s healing hadn't repaired the fabric. The damage marred some emblem. Jhansi couldn't make out the design, only the colors. White, purple, and gold.
She refocused her attention on the topography of Binyelum’s exposed muscles.
Velocity saw her and smirked.
Fuck.
Jhansi pushed quickly into the kitchen.
Stainless steel countertops and well-worn appliances lined the small room. A metal rack laden with cookware and utensils filled the center of the space. Every piece looked in good condition in spite of its obvious age.
An endling’s corpse lay slumped against the stove on the right hand wall.
The fragments of that dark shape pieced themselves together at the bottom of Jhansi's interior space.
Jhansi looked back toward the kitchen door.
Should she let everyone know they’d missed an endling?
Velocity would probably make fun of her for acting like a scared baby.
Fuck that.
She crept toward the body.
The monster’s head lolled forward.
Heavy splashes of orange blood trailed from its neck, drying on its uniform and cooling on the vinyl floor.
Jhansi bunched up her skirt and knelt to inspect the corpse.
The body seemed to grow as she knelt, expanding beyond the space meant to contain it, filling Jhansi’s vision, bulked with the muscle of a man at least twice her size.
The lowest level endling.
The dark shape inside Jhansi swirled, pulling more fragments into itself.
The endling’s black jackboots gleamed, the soles glittering with serrated spikes.
Jhansi hesitated, then grabbed hold of the pressed trousers between her index finger and thumb.
The fabric felt smooth, almost silky to the touch.
She ran her hand up to the heavier fabric of the uniform jacket and traced her fingers over the featureless face rendered in outline.
The Sigil of Egaeus, whom the endlings worshiped.
The strongest enemy of all.
The dark shape inside Jhansi shuddered. It folded in upon itself, diminishing to a point of near complete compression, then rebounding rapidly, expanding beyond its previous size. It repeated the motion, again and again.
The endling lay with arms akimbo.
Fists open, palms up, claws out.
A notched line caught Jhansi’s attention.
The claws on the endling’s left hand had clashed with something.
A weapon.
A machete.
Jhansi reached out her left hand and slid a finger along the smooth outer curve of a damaged claw. It seemed impossibly solid, somehow superphysical. She pictured it soaring toward her, imminent death blocked with a machete swing.
Fuck.
Jhansi slid her finger along the arc of the claw’s sharpened edge without thinking. A bright line of blood appeared instantaneously on the pad of her finger. Pain unfurled close behind.
Fuck.
Jhansi cursed aloud.
Her hand pulled back reflexively.
She sucked her finger.
A voice spoke softly behind her.
“I thought I’d forgotten something.”
Jhansi’s heart skipped a beat.
She jumped, whirling, finger still in her mouth.
Binyelum loomed in the doorway.
Jhansi quickly pulled her hand behind her back.
Fuck.
She pushed through the heat rising in her cheeks.
“Excuse me? Manners?”
Ugh, lame.
She kept pushing anyway.
“Don't you know how to knock?”
Binyelum laughed once, a sound like soda on crushed ice.
“Yeah?”
Their eyes flicked toward the endling corpse, then onto Jhansi's hidden hands, then back up to her face.
“Am I interrupting something private?”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
“Oh fuck off.”
Binyelum gave her that vulpine smile.
“Did you learn anything?”
Jhansi deadpanned, “Claws are sharp.”
Binyelum nodded sagely.
“Mm, yes. Claws are sharp.”
They looked again toward the body.
A glint lit up their eyes.
Their smile returned.
“Wanna do it?”
What?!
Jhansi’s balked.
“What?!”
Binyelum laughed.
“The ritual.”
The what?
Oh.
Oh.
Jhansi flushed so hard it hurt.
“New-game-plus?”
Binyelum nodded.
“New-game-plus.”
Jhansi looked down at the body.
Her eyes followed the trail of orange blood, tracing it back to the wide, clean slash carved into the endling's throat.
She would have to reach into that fatal wound.
The dark shape inside her ached.
Shouldn’t she do something about that?
Bineyelum’s gaze felt like the winter sun.
The dark shape could wait.
Jhansi swallowed again, reflexively clenching her fist.
“Will it work?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“The important parts will.”
They paused.
“I think.”
Jhansi looked at them.
“The important parts?”
She raised her brows.
“You think?”
Binyelum shrugged again.
“Yeah.”
They crossed the space of the small kitchen.
“It's hard to guess, with your–”
They gestured at Jhansi.
“–situation, but–”
Jhansi huffed, “Oh double fuck off.”
Binyelum ignored her and continued.
“–but, I don't see any reason the ritual wouldn’t work for you. Endlings and alterlings can do it, same as we can, so why not you?”
Weird.
Jhansi made a face.
“Why would an endling new-game-plus another endling?”
Binyelum blinked, then narrowed their eyes.
“You can't think of any reason?”
A joke, right?
Jhansi stared.
“A reason why an endling would want to create their own enemy? Not really. Maybe, I dunno, to create a higher value memory to harvest for Egaeus? Seems like there’d be a lot of risk in that.”
Binyelum stared back at her for a long moment.
“Creating an enemy with the intention of reaping a higher value reward. Interesting.”
Jhansi narrowed her eyes.
“Interesting?”
Binyelum nodded once.
“Yes, interesting. Your whole–”
They gestured at her again.
“–situation. It's interesting.”
Jhansi groaned.
“Yeah? And what exactly is my–”
She waggled her hands floppily at herself.
“–situation?”
Binyelum smirked.
“Tryhardsmanship.”
Jhansi pouted, “Triple fuck off!”
Binyelum clapped with delight.
“Do I get a hat trick prize?”
Jhansi crossed her arms.
“Ugh.”
Binyelum smirked.
“So that's a no?”
Jhansi paused.
“That’s not a no.”
Binyelum raised their brows expectantly.
Jhansi huffed, “Absolution.”
Binyelum gave her a complicated smile.
“That's my prize?”
They paused, then added, “I’ll save that for when I need it.”
Jhansi smirked.
“You think you’ll need it?”
Binyelum grinned wide, their teeth flashing.
“I plan on it.”
Something warm pulled at Jhansi’s stomach.
The hair on her neck prickled.
Fuck.
She looked away quickly, returning her attention to the endling's corpse.
“So do I just like … dig around in there?”
She gestured with her hands.
“Do I have to do anything special to find it?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“No, you pretty much just–”
They mimicked her gesture.
“–dig around in there.”
They added, “It’s always deeper than you expect.”
Jhansi whispered, “So was your mom.”
Binyelum grinned.
“My mom is an AI construct.”
Jhansi failed at holding back a giggle.
She made a face.
“AI? You mean, artificial insemination?”
Binyelum returned her a look.
“That’s basically what we’re doing.”
Jhansi blinked.
“Gross!”
She pointedly returned her attention to the body, then paused.
Anxiety tugged at her chest.
Binyelum asked, “Nervous?”
Jhansi shot them a look.
“No!”
Binyelum shrugged.
“We’ll see.”
Ugh.
This bastard.
Jhansi stuck out her tongue at Binyelum.
She bunched up her skirt and knelt again, exhaling quietly as her head came level with the monster’s, at least twice the size of her own. Twin tusks jutted from its mouth, as thick around as her wrist, dark and rough like stone. The wide, angled slits of its nostrils, flared even in death, fixed a permanent expression of natural rage upon its face. The bone structure of its brow echoed this, heavy ridges angled sharply downward, the mask of a predator.
The dark shape within Jhansi throbbed with craving.
Jhansi swallowed.
She whispered, “Just dig around in there.”
She used her left hand to prop up the endling's head. Orange blood gushed from its throat, and a handful of that weird meat squeezed out with the released pressure. A wet gash glistened in place of the monster’s left eye. It's right one stared at her with such a depth of mourning it made her stomach clench.
Fuck.
No way would she show any weakness now.
Jhansi tried to prepare herself, realized she had no idea what that would take, and pushed her right arm forward. The sensation defied explanation. Warm, fatty viscera yielded at her press, accommodating more and more of her as she searched deeper for the memory card. Chunks of the gelatinous meat squelched out, plopping and rolling down the front of the endling’s uniform and onto the floor. Jhansi’s wrist passed into the impossible interior space of the endling. Then her forearm. Then her elbow. Nothing.
Jhansi exhaled, “Fuck.”
She grunted and scooted closer. Her hand grasped around, squeezing onto blobs that gave way and squished between her fingers. She scooted closer again, brushing her shoulder up against the endling’s tusks. Still nothing. Groaning, she braced herself and lifted the endling’s heavy head further, ducked under its chin, and gave her whole shoulder to the search. Meat splattered her face. She spat, gritted her teeth, and directed her arm downward through the monster’s insides, reaching as far as she could manage. Still nothing. Frustration welled up. She made a noise almost like a shriek and threw a punch inside the endling, nearly losing her footing. Stupid. Blushing deep, she closed her eyes and dragged her arm back upward, reaching high. Higher. Fuck, as high as she could get, up on tip-toes now.
The back of her hand brushed against something hard.
Jhansi’s eyes flew open. She grasped the object, cold and hard and foreign, and pulled. It resisted for a moment, held in place by some indiscernible mechanism, then relented. Jhansi toppled backward with a yelp. A thick stream of monster entrails followed her arm out of the corpse, splattering the endling’s uniform and the floor. Jhansi panted once. She held the memory card up in front of her face.
She exclaimed, “I got it!”
Binyelum’s upside-down face filled her vision.
“I’m so proud of you.”
All at once Jhansi realized that Binyelum had caught her. They supported her upper back with their left arm. They looked down at her with a wide smile, lips pressed together, eyes creased with delight.
Jhansi yelped and flailed. She rolled to the left, away from Binyelum, arms swinging wide. She caught herself roughly, her open palms smacking hard against the floor. The memory card snapped.
A rushing momentum crashed into Jhansi’s interior space. White spots exploded across her vision. The world blurred. She groaned, loud. The floor of the kitchen flickered, then vanished. She fell through a twilit sky distorted by scan lines. The ground screamed up toward her, expanding across her vision faster than she fell, the colors brightening to blistering oversaturation. Noise filled her ears. Vibrations pulsated across the kaleidoscope. The noise shifted pitches, whining upward toward a freakish screeching. Static overwhelmed.
All at once Jhansi recalled the feeling of propelling herself down a sloping hillside, wind howling through her hair, the nebulites of St. Alëmskaan’machi twinkling in the far distance. Each powerful thrust of her legs against the hard earth pushed her further forward than she could have imagined. She grinned with teeth the size of human hands. She felt so unbelievably powerful.
Jhansi vomited.
Binyelum said, “Pejudo.”
They knelt, catching Jhansi as her shaky arms gave way, saving her from falling face-first into her own vomit.
Jhansi looked up.
“What the …?”
Binyelum stared back at her.
“You’re a sensitive one. Not surprising.”
“Sensitive?”
Binyelum nodded toward her right arm. Jhansi looked. Thick, viscous ropes of the endling’s insides clung to her, slowly dribbling over each other and dropping to the floor in translucent, stringy strands. Jhansi retched.
“What the fuck?”
Binyelum said, “That stuff sticks to the sensitive ones.”
That stuff?
What, no special name?
Jhansi gasped, “Disgusting.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Yep. You really are.”
Jhansi glared at them.
“Not the time.”
Binyelum chuckled.
Jhansi wiped her mouth with her left wrist.
Binyelum asked, “Are you okay to stand?”
Jhansi assessed herself. She nodded. Binyelum braced her as she leaned forward. She brought her hands to her thighs, smearing pus all over her skirt, and pushed herself to her feet.
Fuck.
She repeated, “Disgusting.”
Binyelum bit back a chuckle.
Jhansi blinked, giving her vision another moment to clear.
She asked, “It’s not like that for everyone, right?”
Binyelum said, “I’ve literally never heard of that happening.”
“Fuck.”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
“Am I that sensitive?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“Maybe you forced yourself to throw up.”
Jhansi groaned.
“I’m not lying! About anything!”
Binyelum shrugged.
“We’ll–”
Jhansi interrupted.
“See, yeah, I know.”
Binyelum gave her a look.
“Maybe it’s because you’re a tryhardling.”
“I’m not a tryhardling!”
Binyelum pointed their index finger at Jhansi, their thumb cocked, and pulled the imaginary trigger.
“Prove me wrong.”
“Watch me.”
“My point exactly.”
Jhansi made a face.
Binyelum asked, “So what did you see?”
Jhansi tried to recall the images, but it felt like searching for a dream after sunrise.
“I … don’t know.”
Binyelum frowned.
Jhansi mirrored the expression.
“I'm not lying! I saw … something, I just can't remember what.”
Binyelum stared at her. Their expression shifted through several iterations, none of which Jhansi could decipher. She fidgeted.
At last Binyelum said, “You should work on that.”
Right.
Jhansi gave them an insincere salute and smeared sticky meat on her forehead.
She shouted, “Oh gross!”
Binyelum produced a kitchen towel.
Jhansi mumbled, “Thanks.”
She reached for the towel, but Binyelum held it away.
They asked, “You're going to work on remembering, right?”
Jhansi groaned.
“Yes, I’m going to work on it.”
Binyelum stared at her for a moment longer, then handed over the towel. Jhansi snatched at it and began wiping slime off her face, arms, and skirt. The stuff had soaked into her skirt, leaving behind a dark stain.
Of fucking course.
Binyelum asked, “Ready for the climax?”
Jhansi's eyes shot open.
“Excuse me?”
Binyelum pointed to the shattered remnants of the memory card lying on the floor.
“That's gotta go back in there.”
Right.
After her initial experience, what should she expect?
Would she black out?
Jhansi’s shoulders sagged, but only for a moment. She had started this. No way would she tiptoe through finishing it.
She asked, “So what do I do?”
Binyelum blinked at her.
Jhansi added, “There’s some other thing, right? I don’t just shove the card back in there. I also have to like, put something in there with it? I saw Oren new-game-plus the endling he killed in the 7-11 parking lot.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Ah. The token. That can be anything you wish. It’s as simple as you described. Pick something, anything, and shove it back in there, along with the remains of the card.”
Jhansi blinked. She looked around the kitchen. Stainless steel glinted in the red light. So, what? A ladle? A pair of kitchen shears? A saucepan? None of that seemed right.
“What should I use?”
Binyelum smiled warmly.
“I can’t decide that for you. That’s part of the ritual.”
Jhansi nodded. It made sense. She knelt, picked up the pieces of the memory card, and walked slowly around the kitchen, searching for anything that caught her eye.
She asked, “How does the token affect what happens after?”
Bineylum said, “After?”
“Yeah, after. When you come back, as a special one. You don’t have an endling’s body anymore. You look like–”
Jhansi turned toward Binyelum for a second, blushed, and resumed her pacing.
“–that. And you’ve got a gift, and a sword, all that stuff. The token probably has some effect on the way that all shakes out, right?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“Probably.”
Jhansi turned back to face them, looking through the rack in the center of the room.
“Nobody knows?”
Binyelum shrugged again.
“Maybe somebody knows. Probably somebody knows. I could even take a few guesses who does. But I don’t.”
Jhansi cocked her head, looking around the side of the rack.
“Who knows?”
Binyelum shrugged a third time.
“Some of the larger bands of special ones, probably. And some of the gangs.”
Jhansi furrowed her brows.
“Bands? Gangs?”
Binyelum stared at her.
“Yeah.”
They considered her for a moment longer.
“What do you think most special ones do during their final night in the netherlume shift?”
Jhansi made a face.
“They fight Egaeus? And apparently all die, because, this place is fucked.”
“Huh.”
The silence dragged on longer than Jhansi expected.
At last she said, “Yes?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“Yeah. Sure. Many special ones do try to fight Egaeus, and most of them band together as members of the Final Hand. But just as many choose to do other things with their time, and band together to different ends.”
Jhansi blinked.
“Different ends?”
Binyelum looked at her like she had grown eyestalks.
“Yeah, you know. The whole point of being alive.”
They gesticulated, raising their hands in an alternating pattern as they spoke.
“Doing what you want. Living your dreams. Satisfying your desires.”
When Jhansi didn't reply, they continued.
“Indulgence. Stimulation. Discovery. Violence. Legacy.”
They paused almost imperceptibly, then added, “Love.”
Jhansi scoffed.
“Sounds like a deathwish.”
Binyelum’s face darkened. They stood, staring, eyes unfocused. The furrows in their brow looked deep and sharp in the light. The corners of their mouth tapered to points, the muscles in their cheeks taut. They opened their mouth ever so slightly, then closed it. Their brows released some tension. Their expression shifted into something more academic. They studied Jhansi for a long moment.
At last they said, flatly, “Being alive is a deathwish.”
Jhansi frowned.
“What gives?”
Binyelum snorted.
“What gives with you?”
“I just think it's stupid to waste time on silly shit like that when you're one of the good guys.”
Binyelum stared at her. They blinked. Their eyes flashed. They sighed slowly, inhaling and exhaling as separate actions, their nostrils flared.
“You know that's not how it works, Jhansi.”
The sudden use of Jhansi's name caught her off guard. She blushed. She tried to hold Binyelum's gaze and failed.
She mumbled, “You know what I mean.”
Binyelum said curtly, “Do I? Because I don't even feel like you know what you mean.”
What the fuck?
Jhansi sighed in frustration. She gestured around vaguely, then held her arms up toward the sky. In that pose she had a hard time seeing Binyelum's face through the rack.
“There's a guy up there who wants to kill all of us. We’ve got the power to stop him. We should fucking try, right?”
Jhansi relaxed her arms, but she still couldn't see Binyelum’s face.
Binyelum said, “We? So you do feel like you’re one of us.”
Ugh.
Why these questions?
Jhansi shrugged.
“I mean–”
She flailed, then pointed at the corpse, reiterating again a fact that she’d already stressed so much.
“I’m not one of them.”
Binyelum stepped around the side of the rack to get a better look at Jhansi. Their narrowed eyes searched her face. Light slid along the slim band of their barely bared teeth.
“But you don’t feel like you’re really one of us, either.”
They paused, then added. “What do you think you are?”
The ultra rare specialing. 
Jhansi blushed, glad she hadn’t actually said the thought out loud. She looked around awkwardly, searching internally for an answer. Binyelum studied her, amplifying her anxious self-awareness.
Binyelum spoke before she found an answer.
“Do you really think you’re going to beat Egaeus?”
Jhansi’s eyes went wide.
“Why do you–”
Binyelum interrupted. They spoke slowly, and not kindly. Their body tensed by a fraction with every word.
“That’s not how this works, Jhansi.”
A writhing tendril of voltage emerged from the bottom of Jhansi’s interior space.
“Listen, you keep saying that, but, I don’t know, I’m just so different from–”
Bineylum interrupted again.
“You’re going to waste your time here, Jhansi, and then you’re going to die.”
The tendril squirmed and stretched further, whipping back and forth at the tip, gaining momentum with its length.
“I mean maybe not! What if I can do it, Binyelum? What if I’m the one who can save–”
Binyelum interrupted again.
“You can’t save anyone, Jhansi. You–”
A parabolic burst of static erupted from the tendril, blasting against the walls of Jhansi’s interior space, sending rippling waves of electricity careening up toward her skull.
Jhansi balled up her fists. She dug her fingernails into her palms, squeezing with all her strength. The tendril lashed out, scraping at the sides of her interior space, digging in and leaving behind a scorched trail. Jhansi smashed her right foot on the floor. A numbing line of pain arced up her leg.
Jhansi shrieked, “I just want to be good!”
Binyelum’s expression shifted. They stared at her, chewing on the inside of their cheek. After a moment they let out a small sigh.
“Then just don’t be bad.”
The tendril receded.
Jhansi blinked.
“What?”
She shook her head, and added, “I know. That’s what I’m trying to do.”
Binyelum shook their head too.
“No. You’re trying to be a savior.”
Jhansi made a face.
She said, slowly, “That’s the same thing?” 
She inflected as though asking a question, but intended it rhetorically.
Binyelum shook their head again.
“No, it’s not. A savior is a concept. You’re a human.”
Jhansi deepened her look.
“Yes? And? I can embody a concept.”
Binyelum pinched the bridge of their nose. They sighed, not unkindly, but with extreme exasperation. They gestured as they spoke.
“So you’re going to sacrifice all the humanity of your experience, embody the perfect ideal of a savior, and find the power to defeat Egaeus.”
Jhansi’s expression shifted.
“Sacrifice my humanity?”
Binyelum raised their brows.
“Yes?”
Jhansi shook her head.
“I don’t understand.”
Binyelum’s brows settled as their mouth stretched into a thin line.
“You don’t understand that embodying an ideal on behalf of others means abandoning the things that make you human?”
Jhansi shook her head again.
“I don’t see how that’s true. What would I need to give up?”
Binyelum stared at her.
“Your desires, Jhansi.”
Jhansi scoffed.
“I desire to be good. I don’t have to give that up.”
Binyelum continued to stare.
“That’s really all you desire?”
Jhansi looked sideways at them.
“Yes? That’s what good people do?”
More artificial inflection.
Binyelum looked weary. They sighed, looked down toward the floor, then rolled their gaze across the ceiling. Their shoulders rose and fell.
They hissed, “Pejudo lo anmo.”
A spark of annoyance flashed inside Jhansi.
“I don’t understand.”
Instead of explaining the phrase, Binyelum said, “I don’t believe you, Jhansi.”
The spark flashed again, brighter.
“I’m telling–”
Binyelum interrupted.
“I don’t think you’re lying, but I don’t think you know the whole truth.”
They paused, then added, “You’ll work on that memory, right?”
Jhansi tilted her head.
“Yes?”
She probably shouldn’t have made that one sound like a question.
Binyelum said, “I mean it, Jhansi.”
Jhansi nodded.
“I know, I know. I’m sorry. I mean it too.”
Binyelum shook their head.
“You don’t have to apologize. Just do the work.”
They paused, then said, “Anyway.”
They gestured with both hands.
“You may proceed, tryhardling.”
Jhansi blinked.
Right, the ritual.
Oh holy fuck thank goodness.
Jhansi rolled her eyes theatrically, giving Binyelum an exaggerated groan.
“Fine. I’m a tryhardling.”
It beat the hell out of any other conclusions Binyelum might have come to.
Binyelum nodded.
“Yes, I know. Now, finish the ritual.”
Jhansi stared at them. She looked at the corpse, then back at Binyelum. Her mind buzzed as she walked back through the conversation.
At last she said, “So how did those other special ones learn things that you didn’t?”
Binyelum chuckled.
“You’re talking about the token?”
They shrugged.
“I want different things. I watched different playthroughs.”
They paused, then added, “For all I know, the token isn’t even necessary, it’s just a generational myth.”
“Generational myth?”
Binyelum gestured.
“Think about it. Everything we know about the netherlume shift comes either from our own experiences as endlings, or from whichever playthroughs we watch during the daydreaming. Every special one in those playthroughs, they’re making decisions based on their own understandings, which, again, come from their own experiences, or the playthroughs they’ve watched.”
Jhansi nodded.
“I think I get it.”
She paused, then asked, “Is every playthrough available in the daydreaming?”
Binyelum closed one eye and ducked behind the rack, peering at Jhansi through aligned gaps in the cookware. 
“The daydreaming only hosts the playthroughs of special ones who get new-game-plus’d.”
Jhansi’s eyes widened. It did make sense, mechanically. But trying to imagine the feeling of performing this ritual on a human body left her feeling queasy.
She said, “Fraught.”
Binyelum shrugged.
“Ish.”
Jhansi again looked at the corpse. Her eyes followed the dual trails of blood and gristle, up then down then up again, lingering on the spaces where they converged. From this angle, she couldn’t see the terrible sadness of the monster’s one eye. 
She asked, “If you knew how the tokens worked, what kinds of gifts would you try to create?”
Binyelum said quietly, “I wouldn’t.”
Jhansi looked at them.
“You wouldn’t?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“I’m not looking to control anyone’s fate.”
Jhansi blinked. She looked back at the dead body. What kind of gift would she want to have, if given any say? Did it matter, dreaming about the possibilities, if she knew she wouldn’t ever get to experience them? If it didn’t matter, why did she care so much about finding the right token?
She said, “I believe it makes a difference.”
Binyelum raised an eyebrow.
“Huh?”
“The token. I believe that the token makes a difference.”
A strange smile crept onto Binyelum’s face.
“Belief, huh?”
Jhansi nodded, still staring at the corpse.
“I want to believe that I can give something really great to every special one that I create.”
Binyelum chuckled again.
“Of course you do. So, what are you going to use?”
Jhansi looked around. What of the things she’d seen so far this evening had stuck with her? A few impressions immediately manifested. Vibrant splashes of orange. Hard edges outlined in gold. Swirling makeup. A blisteringly red keepsake. The coolest jacket she’d ever seen in her entire fucking life.
Jhansi said, “Your jacket.”
Binyelum laughed.
“My jacket? You want me to take off my jacket?”
Jhansi blushed. She shook her head and backed away. Her hands remained immovably locked at her sides, thankfully, or she’d have waved them ridiculously in front of her face.
“No.”
She dragged out the word, exaggerating the vowel into an ew sound.
“I just want a thread from the back.”
Binyelum beamed at her.
“And that will help make sure that the special one you’re going to create has an incredible gift?”
Jhansi nodded.
“Obviously?”
Binyelum kept smiling.
“Obviously.”
Jhansi hurried over to Binyelum, circled around them, and paused. She hadn’t prepared herself for how close she would need to get. The contour of Bineylum’s exposed back filled her vision. Heat rose in her cheeks. She swallowed. Waiting any longer would make Binyelum suspicious. She kept her grip on the broken memory card, wound a loose thread about her index finger, and tugged. Binyelum wobbled slightly, but the thread didn’t break free.
Binyelum chuckled.
“I don’t think you’re trying hard enough.”
Jhansi’s face burst into a full, deep blush.
She whined, “I got it!”
She tugged again, to no avail. Her teeth met and her eyes widened with aggravation. She delicately placed her free hand against Binyelum’s back, pressing the tips of her fingers into their warm skin. Small impressions appeared at the pressure of her touch, adding to the complex topography of the landscape. Jhansi braced herself and yanked one more time on the thread.
It snapped free.
Jhansi sighed with relief.
Binyelum turned.
“Well done.”
They paused, then said, “I wish I could see what kind of special one you create with this.”
Jhansi looked at them.
“When I beat Egaeus I’ll make sure you’re able to.”
Binyelum raised their brows and laughed.
“Sure. I look forward to it.”
Jhansi beamed, then turned her attention to the corpse.
Binyelum nodded.
“S’all yours.”
Jhansi stepped forward and knelt for the third time. She lifted the endling’s head, exposing the wound, grimacing as more of the stuff leaked out. The opening seemed so much smaller than last time.
With this, she would use a thread pulled with her bare hands from the ripped back of Binyelum’s awesome jacket to create her first special one of the night.
Jhansi looked back over her shoulder.
“How deep?”
Binyelum stood watching her with their hands in the front pockets of their jacket, a wide and glittering vulpine grin on their face. The gold blush on their cheeks twinkled. Their eyes shifted.
“As deep as you want, tryhardling.”
Jhansi grinned.
She turned back to the corpse and plunged her right arm in as deep and far as she could reach.
This time the stuff resisted her, but just slightly. The mass of it felt swollen. It pushed against her from every side, keeping her from reaching the dramatic depth she had intended. Pressing her heels into the floor, she leaned forward and drove her arm inward up to the shoulder, the stuff yielding to accommodate the intrusion, her head coming dangerously close to smashing against one of the endling’s tusks. She breathed, and released the memory card and the token from her grip. She hadn’t realized how long she’d held the fragments of the memory card clenched in her fist. The sudden release felt indescribable, a searing shock of lightness. Jhansi pulled her hand free of the stuff. It felt sticky again, no longer swollen and resistant.
She shook off the stuff and looked at Binyelum.
Binyelum winked.
“How was your first time?”
Jhansi giggled.
“Exhilarating.”
Binyelum chuckled.
“I think you’re going to be really good at this.”
They paused, then added, “I mean that. This can be one of your roles. Whenever we’re in a fight, instead of focusing on killing endlings–”
They paused and smirked.
“–you put your energy toward retrieving memory cards from as many dead bodies as you can.”
Jhansi blinked.
“Just retrieving?”
Binyelum laughed.
“That’ll depend on the situation. I still want to new-game-plus as many as we can, but we’ll probably need a supply of memory cards on hand to recharge our gifts mid-fight.”
Jhansi nodded.
“Fuck yeah.”
Binyelum smirked.
“Fuck yeah.”
They paused, then tossed a hand into the air.
“Well, that's what I wanted to take care of. Find your sword, Jhansi. Everyone's waiting, don't fall behind.”
Binyelum turned and left the kitchen without looking back. Jhansi watched their jacket disappear as the door swung closed. She frowned and turned her attention to the ambient space of the kitchen, searching the scenery and her memory of it for anything that seemed like a viable sword.
Nothing piqued her interest. She could use a knife, probably, but that just didn't feel right. What the fuck did she know about knives anyway? She'd probably just slice her hand open. She could use a pot, maybe. But how? As a shield? Her gaze landed on a broom. Yeah, no. Then she remembered her idea about a fire extinguisher.
Jhansi hurried over to the nearest sink and opened the cupboard underneath. Nothing. She looked around, spotted another sink on an adjacent wall, and hurried over to check there. Jackpot.
The polished sheen of red-painted steel gleamed. Light winked off the metal as Jhansi reached forward. The handle fit perfectly in her grip. The chill of it warmed immediately.
Jhansi retrieved the ten pound fire extinguisher. She hefted the makeshift weapon over her shoulder. Equipment get! Cue the music. As if.
Jhansi made to leave the kitchen. At the last moment she swerved to grab a canvas bag hanging off the side of the center rack. If she planned on hauling around memory cards, she should make it easier on herself.
Jhansi emerged from the kitchen. Velocity stood closest to her, bat suspended across their shoulders, a faraway look in their eyes. Their attention snapped to Jhansi.
They smirked, raising an eyebrow.
“You really went with the fire extinguisher.”
Jhansi made a face.
“The red is a warning to my enemies.”
Sebastian sat staring out the smashed window directly into Mambele’s headlights, his chin in his palm, his shoulders slumped.
Without turning around, he offered, “Aposematism.”
Velocity retorted, “Apussymatism.”
Sebastian turned around, a tired grin on his face.
“Hey, I’m apussymatistic too. It’s really not so bad.”
Jhansi scoffed.
Velocity’s eyes trailed down to the stain on Jhansi's skirt. Their face briefly contorted, features pulling inward. They glanced toward Binyelum, who stood talking to Oren. When they looked back, their expression had settled into something more controlled.
They snorted, “So you had fun in there?”
Jhansi rolled her eyes, then lifted up her leg to bring attention to the stain.
“That's also a warning to my enemies.”
Velocity blinked, their brows raising. They gave Jhansi a searching look. Another moment passed. At last they smirked.
“Some warning.”
Binyelum had turned and noticed Jhansi, and before she could reply they clapped their hands and addressed the assembled teenagers.
“Looks like we’re all set. Let's get a move on before more endlings show up. There's a whole party happening out there and we don’t want to miss it.”
They turned and looked out the shattered window toward Mambele. Nancy materialized from some dark corner of the cafe. Sebastian let out a quiet sigh and stood. Velocity tapped the tip of their bat against the floor. Oren ran his hand through this hair. Everyone paused, turning to follow Binyelum’s gaze. The beaming headlights carved their silhouettes into stark black shadows. From where she stood, Jhansi could see the fine arc of the moon. It shimmered silver and cold through the cloak, a bright and impossibly distant grin.
Could Egaeus see them?
Did he know he sat watching the kids who would kill him?
Jhansi said, “Hang on.”
Everyone turned to look at her.
She swallowed.
“Don’t we need a name or something?”
Binyelum cocked their head.
Velocity raised an eyebrow.
“A name?”
Jhansi nodded.
“Like a team name.”
Sebastian said, “With capital letters and everything?”
Oren laughed.
“Like what? The Knights? The Titans?”
Sebastian chirped, “Moon Goons!”
Jhansi shook her head.
“No, c’mon. Something cool.”
Oren said, “Hey, the Titans are our district’s most respected D1 basketball team.”
Jhansi gave him a look.
Binyelum brought a hand to their chin.
Sebastian said, “Earth Squirts!”
Jhansi looked at him.
“Why are you like this?”
Velocity said, “I don’t really–”
Binyelum interrupted.
“I like this.”
Velocity scowled at them.
Jhansi clapped.
Binyelum continued.
“We do need a name.”
They shifted, moved their hand, and held up an index finger.
“Whoever comes up with the best one gets a title.”
Jhansi raised both eyebrows.
“A title?”
Oren said, “We could be the Golden Ghouls?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“We don’t want a name that feels like an allusion. We need our own identity.”
Sebastian said, “Might as well be the Gilded Girls.”
Velocity suggested, “Jewel Ghouls?”
Jhansi offered, “Duel Ghouls?”
Binyelum glanced at Velocity, then gave Jhansi a longer, searching look.
“Assonance is good, alliteration is good, rhymes are kinda passé.”
Sebastian giggled.
“Assonance.”
Binyelum looked at Sebastian and echoed their giggle.
“That’s the jiggle after a firm spank.”
Jhansi groaned.
Oren said, “Demon Dreamers?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“That’s closer, but too–”
They gestured vaguely.
“–obvious.”
Velocity said, “Sky Scriers.”
Binyelum furrowed their brows.
“What?”
Jhansi said, “Nocturnevers.”
Binyelum blinked.
“Actually that's pretty good, but what a mouthful.”
Velocity said, “Neverenders.”
Binyelum said, “I think that's already a thing.”
Jhansi looked through the window into the dark and empty sky. The wasteland of Egaeus’s smile. What kind of entity even had the strength to compete in that void?
She said, “Asterlings.”
Everyone turned to look at her.
Oren said, “Isn't that kind of …”
He didn't complete the thought.
Velocity nodded once, begrudgingly.
“I do like that.”
Binyelum grinned.
“That's really good, Jhansi. And not a rhetorical tool in sight. Where did you get that?”
Jhansi shrugged.
“From a character in a game.”
Binyelum looked pensive.
“Not any game I’ve played.”
Jhansi said, “So that's what we're going with?”
Everyone looked at each other and nobody disagreed.
Jhansi's eyes lit up.
“So what's my title?”
Binyelum raised a finger to their chin. They looked toward the ceiling, then down their nose at Jhansi. An impish smirk crept across their face.
“Well, you’ve already got a title.”
Jhansi blinked.
“What?”
Binyelum's smirk widened into a smile.
“You're our tryhardling.”
Jhansi blinked again.
“What?! That's’s not–”
Binyelum continued.
“But, you can move up in rank.”
Jhansi frowned.
“What?”
Binyelum glanced at the fire extinguisher.
“You're now a red tryhardling.”
Jhansi’s eyes shot wide.
She sputtered, “That's not–”
Binyelum clapped their hands and spun around, backing away from the others while holding them all in an expansive gesture.
“This is it, friends! Are you ready for an evening you won't forget?”
Sebastian looked at Oren.
“What's happening right now?”
Oren pinched the bridge of his nose.
“It doesn't matter, you can't stop it.”
Sebastian shook his head.
“I didn't consent to this.”
Velocity looked at him.
“Won't be the last time you say that tonight.”
Binyelum continued.
“Introductions! To the dream team supreme! The kings–”
They gestured to Nancy and Oren.
“–and queens–”
They gestured to Sebastian and Velocity.
“–and things in between!”
They gestured at Jhansi.
Jhansi said, “Hey wait.”
Binyelum continued.
“Give me three cheers and a scream–”
They spun in a tight circle and threw out their arms.
“For the Asterlings!”
The light from Mambele’s headlights hit both Binyelum's outstretched hands, throwing long, spindly shadows across the cafe.
Velocity shook their head.
“Okay, I didn't consent to this either.”
Jhansi said, “Hey, I thought rhymes were passé.”
Binyelum ignored her and gestured toward Nancy.
“Let’s kick this off with our vanguard! Forever at home on the front lines, a one-of-a-kind all-star for all time, the thrill-a-minute, no-kill-limit driving force unparalleled in determination and devastation!”
They leaned into the gesture.
“Nancy!”
Everyone turned to look at Nancy. She stared back at the assembled teenagers, her expression perfectly neutral. Jhansi heard the wet click of her eyelids as she blinked. After a moment of silence, she slowly lifted her ax with both hands and shook it vaguely over her head.
Sebastian said, “This is cruel.”
Bineylum said, “Yes! Perfect! That's the spirit I like to see!”
They turned and gestured at Sebastian.
“Next, we have–”
Sebastian said, “Oh fuck no.”
Binyelum continued.
“–our epitomic empath extraordinaire, the very symbol of support, strength, and spirit, a boy bound by belief to bear the burdens of his brothers, unwavering in dedication and consistency, unsurpassed in deliverance and compassion, our sanguine, shamanic sage!”
They leaned into the gesture.
“Sebastian!”
Sebastian looked around.
“That doesn't sound like me at all.”
Velocity gave him a look.
“C’mon, do the thing.”
Sebastian asked, “What thing?”
“I dunno. Anything. Acknowledge that you're part of the team.”
Sebastian grimaced.
“Can I be on a different team?”
Velocity swatted at Sebastian, but he backed quickly away. They both deepened their expressions for a moment, then Sebastian broke into a laugh. He shook his head.
“Better than being one of the bad guys I guess.”
He stiffened, correcting his posture into something more martial, and stared straight ahead. He held his barbell vertically, one end resting on the floor, then lifted and brought it firmly back down. Shadows played across the room and a sharp metal clink rang out.
“Sage Sebastian, at your service.”
Binyelum shook their head.
“I didn't give you a title.”
Sebastian sputtered.
“But–”
Binyelum continued, gesturing next toward Velocity.
Velocity smiled ruefully and said, “Here we go.”
Binyelum's grin flashed.
“Charging in from right field, never expected, always welcome, heroic and haunted, wholesome and horrific, we have our grinning gremlin gold card, a surprise so complete you’ll need the ref to go back over the rules if you wanna understand why you lost!”
They leaned into the gesture.
“Velocity!”
Sebastian gave Velocity a look.
“Damn.”
Velocity lazily hefted their bat, resting it across their shoulders. They looked around with an expression of weary angst, yawned, and stretched. A sudden ringing whoosh cut the air. They swung their bat, hard, pulling it forward and holding it like a rifle aimed at Binyelum's heart.
“Kablam.”
Binyelum raised an eyebrow.
“Had to hit me with your charge shot, huh? Couldn't just go with the blam?”
Velocity kept their bat trained on Binyelum.
“Baby, I don't even have a blam.”
Binyelum's grin shifted.
“I’d be surprised if you did.”
A queasy dark pull throbbed near the bottom of Jhansi's interior space.
What the fuck did that kind of feeling mean?
Binyelum gestured to Oren and the pull dissipated.
“And of course we can't forget my brother-in-charms, my right-hand champion, our once and future fuckboy, the first and last of his kind, sensitive, loyal, a contemplative royal, the crown prince of magnetism and magnanimity!”
They leaned into the gesture.
“Oren!”
Jhansi said, “Wait, do you two know each other?”
Oren smiled at her, but didn't reply. He lazily swung his chainlock in wide circles. Light rippled and reflected. He caught the whirling chain with his free hand and pulled it taught. Metal links clanked as they slid into place against each other.
Binyelum nodded.
“Good form.”
They turned to Jhansi.
“I know all of you.”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
“You don't know me.”
Binyelum raised an eyebrow.
“Oh yeah?”
They unleashed their theatrical gesturing on her.
Aw fuck.
Jhansi breathed, “Fuck.”
Luminous, vulpine delight burst across Binyelum's features.
“Standing right before you, every bit as confused as the day she came into this world, eyes wide and primed to cry, serious about dying, sincere in her lying, God’s own mistake spitting back in His eye, our moon-bright cross-bearing rebel queen!”
They leaned into the gesture.
“Jhansi!”
Jhansi blinked.
“I … have no idea how to feel about that.”
Sebastian said, “C’mon, you have to do the thing.”
Jhansi turned to face him. She held her face perfectly still. She hoisted the fire extinguisher back over her shoulder, flashed a peace sign with her free hand, kicked up her left leg behind her, and cocked her waist. She held the pose for a second without changing her expression, then turned back to Binyelum.
“I have no idea how to feel about that.”
Binyelum shrugged, grinning wide.
“Welcome to the team.”
They gestured once again, this time at themselves.
“Last, and incomparably least!”
They clicked both heels together, landed their left hand on their hip, and flourished their right arm into the air. Light caught in their eyes and sparkled on their wild grin.
“Me!”
Wow.
Jhansi said, “Our fearless leader,” doing her best to deadpan and not give away her actual feelings.
Velocity giggled.
Sebastian said, “Is it over now?”
Oren shook his head.
“It's never over.”
Binyelum winked.
“Fans! Followers! Friends! Foes! Tonight, for one night only, come witness the whirlwind worldwide tour, the seminal legend in the making, a ballad of lies, loss, lessons, and love! The Asterlings are putting on a show! Tickets only cost a life! You won’t want to miss this!”
They burst into clapping. Each percussion filled the cafe. The sound passed through the shattered window and resonated over the pitch black parking lot.
Jhansi said, “Fuck it.”
She joined in, clapping along with Binyelum. Velocity joined in only half a beat later. Oren and Nancy followed. At last Sebastian gave in, rolling his eyes and lazily slapping his palms together.
Jhansi shouted, “Fuck yeah!”
She cupped her hands around her mouth and whooped.
Binyelum positively beamed. They balled their fists, bent at the waist, and shouted from their diaphragm. Every other teenager joined at once. Oren mirrored Binyelum, copying their posture, locking eyes with them, and echoing back their shout. Velocity curled their arms downward, flexed, and screamed. Sebastian unleashed a high-pitched caterwaul, the sound somewhat avian, somewhat feline, and utterly annoying. Nancy pressed her eyes shut and opened her mouth than Jhansi would have thought possible and shrieked. The collective thunder reverberated through the cafe and rolled out across the parking lot.
Binyelum looked around and shouted, “Are you ready?”
Everyone replied in unison.
“Yes!”
Binyelum cupped a hand to their ear and shouted, “Excuse me? I asked if you’re fucking ready!”
Everyone except Nancy replied in unison, bringing their volume to a fever pitch.
“Yes!”
Binyelum pointed and turned as they shouted, “This is it! This is fucking it!”
They balled their fists and pulled them in close.
“Are you fucking ready for it?”
Everyone except Nancy replied in unison.
“Yes!”
Binyelum jumped and pumped the air.
“Fuck yeah! This is our last night! This is our last night ever, Asterlings! Are you ready to make it one hell of a night?”
Everyone except Nancy replied in union, rattling the windows with their combined voices.
“Yes!”
Binyelum balled their fists, bent at their waist, and screamed, “That’s what I fucking want to hear! That’s what I fucking love to hear! Give me your all! Give me everything you’ve got! Show me what it looks like when you hold nothing back, when you jump in feet first and the deep end swallows you whole and you’re further out than you’ve ever been before. Show me why you’re fucking here. Fuck last night. Fuck everything that’s come before. This is it. This is our last chance to shine. Let’s burn so bright it never stops hurting. Let’s feel so alive that we forget about death.”
Everyone replied in unison, shouting without control.
Binyelum continued.
“Can you do that for me, Asterlings? Can you show me who you truly are tonight? Can you show me your secrets without shame or regret? Can you come with me, as far as we can go?”
Everyone except Nancy replied in unison.
“Yes!”
Jhansi practically had tears in her eyes.
Binyelum threw their arm forward, palm out.
“Hands in! Die like a star, on three!”
Jhansi threw her arm forward so hard her arm twinged. She looked with wide eyes. Oren’s palm rested on hers, and hers rested on Velocity’s. Velocity had reached Binyelum first. Jhansi’s stomach felt so weird.
Binyelum yelled, “One!”
Everyone’s hands felt so warm.
Binyelum yelled, “Two!”
Everyone’s eyes seemed to dance.
All at once, everyone except Nancy yelled, “Die like a–”
They all threw their arms skyward.
“–star!”
Jhansi breathed. She stared at the ceiling. Her hand hung suspended in the red light, reaching, alongside those of her new friends.
Her new friends.
She looked down, still holding her hand up high.
Binyelum stood in the same pose, looking directly at her.
They grinned like a fox.
Holy fuck.
After a moment, everyone lowered their hands.
Velocity said, “Fuck.”
Oren agreed.
“Yeah.”
Sebastian said, “I can't believe we're doing this.”
Binyelum smiled.
“You're here for a reason. Don't forget it.”
Sebastian said, “Yeah yeah yeah.”
Binyelum clapped their hands.
“Let's go. We're wasting daylight.”
They pushed past the other teenagers and with two quick movements leapt up onto a dining table and out the shattered window.
Sebastian repeated the word.
“Daylight.”
Velocity called, “Shotgun!”
They jumped up onto the dining table and followed Binyelum out through the window. Nancy did likewise. Oren gestured to Sebastian to tell him to go on ahead, then pointedly turned to Jhansi. 
Oren said, “Hey.”
Jhansi stared at him.
He continued.
“So, how are you doing?”
He looked concerned, and somehow preemptively weary.
Jhansi held up her fire extinguisher, as though that explained everything she wanted to say.
“I’m doing great, why?”
Oren chuckled warmly.
“Yeah, I guess you are, huh?”
He paused, looked around the parking lot, sighed, and looked back at Jhansi.
Jhansi said, “Is something wrong?”
Oren shook his head.
“No, nothing's wrong. I just–”
He paused to gesture vaguely at the air.
“–understand that this is a lot to take in. The whole … dying thing.”
Jhansi blinked.
Oren continued.
“And the whole–”
He gestured at Jhansi.
“–whatever’s going on with you.”
Jhansi stared at him.
Oren shrugged, shoved his hands in his pockets, and continued.
“Look, I don't understand your situation any better than the rest of us. But I think you're being honest, to the best of your ability. And, well, if that is true, I just–”
He cut himself off, sighed, and started again.
“Things are going to get–”
He exhaled.
“–so bad out here tonight, Jhansi. So bad. So, I dunno, whatever happens, whatever you're going through, just, know that you can come talk to me. Okay? Literally whenever.”
Jhansi blinked.
Why did this feel so familiar?
Prem bubbled up through her thoughts. She scowled, lost in her interior space, and ignored Oren’s reaction to her expression. Prem would say something just like this. He’d stand there, smiling, looking down from a thousand feet, and tell her to come talk to him whenever she got overwhelmed.
He’d say, “Jhansi, you don't need to try so hard. It's fine that you can't handle it. You're just a normal girl. There's nothing to get worked up about.”
Jhansi scowled deeper.
“You don't think I can handle it.”
Oren blinked.
“What?”
Jhansi shook her head.
“You sound just like my older brother. You don't think I can handle this. You want me to quit. You don't think I’m strong, and you don't think I’m special.”
Oren cupped his chin in his hand. He chewed on his lip and studied Jhansi. Varied expressions played across his face.
A blat from Mambele's horn shook him from his reverie. Jhansi and Oren looked through the window toward the sound at the same moment. Binyelum stood leaning on the open driver's side door of the car. They grinned. The rest of the Asterlings had already filed into the car.
Oren shouted, “Hang on!”
He turned back to Jhansi and said, “I didn't mean to make you feel that way. I'm–”
He chuckled and ran a hand through his hair.
“–really excited to see what you can do. I don't want you to give up. I just want you to be–”
He gestured weirdly at her head.
“–healthy. I think you’ll be at your best if you're healthy. You're right, I don't think you're strong–”
Jhansi bristled, and Oren continued quickly before she could say anything.
“–not right now, at least, but you're here, so you're already special. If you stay healthy, I think you can become strong.”
Jhansi repeated the word.
“Healthy.”
She narrowed her eyes at him.
“Prem wanted me to be healthy too.”
She looked away, inward, examining the shapes of those feelings.
After a moment she said, “I think he had a different idea of what that meant, though.”
Oren nodded.
“Sounds like. Prem’s your brother, yeah?”
Jhansi nodded.
Oren smiled.
“He kinda sounds like a dick.”
Jhansi found herself baffled by the conflicting feelings that statement produced.
Oren continued.
“I actually have a little sister, back in the real world.”
A sudden, smothering sadness settled across Oren’s entire body.
Another honk from Mambele's horn filled the parking lot, longer this time, with two shorter trailing honks.
Oren snapped, “Fine!”
He turned to Jhansi and said, “C’mon, we should get going.”
Jhansi watched Oren turn and walk toward Mambele. He left through the entryway door. Jhansi’s chest pulsed as feelings beat against the walls of her interior space. After a moment, she pulled herself up onto the dining table and jumped through the shattered window. 
Her feet slapped hard against the ground.
She looked toward Mambele, her eye catching on the license plate.
ASTRLNG
Binyelum said, “So kind of you to join us.”
Jhansi smiled with overwrought sweetness.
“Isn’t it? What even would you do without your highest ranked tryhardling? The rest of you might have to try.”
Binyelum whistled.
Oren unloaded his chainlock into the trunk. Jhansi thought about asking if she should do the same with her fire extinguisher. Stupid. Of course she should. She placed her makeshift weapon and the canvas bag on top of the real swords. Other accoutrements filled the space, but Oren closed the trunk before she could inspect further.
Binyelum said, “It's gonna be cramped.”
Jhansi looked inside. Nancy sat riding shotgun. She looked through the rear windshield and waved, her expression unchanging. Jhansi blinked and waved back. Something must have happened that Jhansi didn't catch. Velocity sat directly behind the driver's seat, watching through the rear windshield, vacantly smirking and rapidly bouncing their left leg. Sebastian sat behind Nancy, cupping his chin and staring out the side window, his flower crown slightly tilted. Only the middle back seat remained vacant.
Oren looked at Jhansi, his expression somewhere between uncertain and embarrassed.
Binyelum slapped Mambele's roof.
Sebastian looked up and said, “If you say it I quit.”
Binyelum giggled.
They said, “Okay, how about this? Let's play a short game.”
They pulled their right hand behind their back.
“What gesture am I making? Closest guess gets the empty seat, loser sits on Velocity's lap.”
Velocity shouted, “Hey!”
Jhansi said, “Closest guess? Based on what criteria?”
Binyelum grinned.
“I’m the judge.”
Oren said, “Middle finger.”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
“Ugh. Hand face, I guess.”
Binyelum gave her a look.
“What the fuck is a hand face?”
Shit.
Jhansi said, “So I lose, huh?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“No no no, that's not how this works. I need to know what a hand face is so I can make a fair and accurate judgement.”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
“Ugh. You know–”
She held up her fist, with her thumb tucked forward and wrapped around her index finger.
“–this.”
Binyelum blinked.
“How the fuck is that a face?”
Jhansi rolled her eyes again.
She waggled her thumb up and down in time with her words as she said, “Like this, dumbass. This is my mouth.”
Binyelum let out a snort that turned into a full blown laugh.
Velocity raised both eyebrows.
“You really masturbate with that thing?”
Jhansi blushed.
“God, what? Jeez! No!”
She tucked her hand behind her back, cringing into her shoulders.
Binyelum shook their head.
“Holy fuck, Jhansi. Wow. No. You lose.”
They revealed their hidden gesture, the devil’s horns.
“Oren obviously wins.”
A searing lash of static crackled against Jhansi's interior.
Velocity patted their lap.
“C’mon, princess.”
Jhansi exhaled through her nose. She glared at Binyelum, gripped Mambele’s hood, and lowered herself into the back seat. The purple light swallowed her up. And the sound of bells. The stars overhead glowed cool and steady, the patterns not quite the same as Jhansi remembered. Despite her desire to sulk, she found her tension dissipating.
Velocity nodded up at her.
“Hey.”
Jhansi smiled ruefully.
“Hey.”
Binyelum lowered themselves into Mambele and pulled the door closed with a click. The overhead light flicked off. The shifter glowed, and again Jhansi found herself enraptured. It looked completely different than when Oren had driven the car. A large crystal sphere, maybe a foot in diameter, occupied the center console. A heavily saturated purple glow emanated from within. Bright spots of light blossomed at the touch of Binyelum’s fingers. They traced complex, runic patterns, the white light fading slowly in a trailing afterimage. Mambele shifted into reverse, then into drive, and they pulled out of the parking lot.
Jhansi asked, “Where are we going?”
Binyelum looked in the rearview mirror and said, “Bridgemall.”

Jhansi Aur - Encounter II End

Kills
0001 - red endlings - Binyelum
0003 - blue endlings - Nancy
0001 - blue endlings - Binyelum
0000 - Oren
0000 - Velocity
0000 - Sebastian
0000 - Jhansi

Shares
0001 - Sebastian
0000 - Binyelum
0000 - Oren
0000 - Velocity
0000 - Nancy
0000 - Jhansi

Duration: 25 minutes

Rank: Bone Necklace
