Jhansi Aur - Encounter VI
[???? MINUTES REMAINING]
Lunar Terminator @ ?.??% Luminosity

Velocity led the Asterings back into the semicircle of cars, past the crowd, toward a back corner. A lime green 2003 Subaru Baja sat atop the thin grass growing at the edge of the beach, lights off, tailgate hanging open, the bed affixed with an extender. Several stacked plywood crates rested in the bed, glowing faintly from within. A decal of a trendy anime protagonist stared at Jhansi from one of the rear windows.
A red-headed special one lounged on the hood of the Subaru. They wore an oversized black t-shirt patterned with a psychedelic rendition of the characters from a popular adult cartoon, a pair of dark tie-dyed board shorts, no shoes, and a pair of aviators. A melange of anime-inspired tattoos spilled down their arms.
They grinned as Velocity approached.
“Loki!”
Velocity smiled back.
“And here I figured the pet name was temporary.”
Mister Merchant sat up.
“What’s with the entourage?”
Velocity clicked their tongue.
“You remembered my pet name, but not my lore. I’ve gotta dock some points.”
MM spread his arms.
“Lore is the past, babe. The past is dead.”
Velocity chuckled darkly.
“I fuckin’ wish.”
MM shrugged.
“If you can dream it, you can make it come true.”
Velocity nodded.
“Great. Perfect. Exactly what I wanted to hear.”
They gestured toward the bed of the Subaru.
“I dream of a flare gun. Think I can make that dream come true, Sandy?”
Moonlight glinted off the silver tooth in Sandy’s grin.
“I know you can, Loki.”
They climbed up onto the roof of the Subaru and began rummaging through the plywood crates.
Binyelum appraised the scene.
Sebastian whispered, “Is this guy for real?”
Velocity said, “I was waiting for you to say that.”
Bineylum called out, “Hey Sandy, where’d you get all that stuff?”
Sandy raised a hand over his shoulder, index finger extended.
“The first rule of merchandise, my fine fall out friend, is to never reveal your sources.”
Binyelum snorted.
“Does it have anything to do with that knocked over mobling caravan?”
Sandy froze for half a second.
“One of the doctor’s rumors?”
Binyelum smirked.
“Actually, we saw it happen.”
Sandy looked up.
“The fuck you did.”
Binyelum’s smirk widened.
“You’re so certain. Because you were there?”
Sandy blanched.
He paused, then threw both hands into the air.
“Fine, whatever. Yeah, this stuff’s from the caravan.”
Binyelum nodded.
“You saw it happen, didn’t you?”
Sandy exhaled.
“Yeah, I saw it.”
Binyelum cocked their head.
“What did it?”
Sandy’s eyebrows appeared above his aviators.
“Colorless.”
Binyelum whistled.
“What’s a colorless want with a mobling caravan?”
Binyelum’s eyes narrowed.
“Wait–”
Sandy nodded.
“Yeah.”
Binyelum made a face.
“Wow.”
They shook their head.
“How in the hell does that happen?”
Sandy shrugged.
“If you can dream it, man.”
Binyelum laughed.
“I guess so.”
Jhansi looked from Binyelum to Sandy, then at each of the Asterlings, all of whom wore expressions of dawning comprehension.
Something else she didn’t understand.
Fucking perfect.
Sandy adjusted the top crate, reached into the one below it, and pulled out a bright orange flare gun.
“The Sandman delivers.”
Binyelum shook their head.
“That’s a terrible nickname.”
Sandy scowled.
“That’s how you want to bargain?”
Binyelum raised both hands.
“I just think you deserve something that fits the vibe. The Sandsation.”
Oren said, “Sand By Me.”
Velocity said, “Sandynamite.”
Sebastian said, “Sandeeznuts.”
Nancy shoved Sebastian playfully.
Jhansi said, “The Sand of Fate.”
Sandy stared at the Asterlings.
“You guys are idiots.”
The Asterlings burst into laughter.
Sandy shook his head.
He twirled the flare gun around his index finger, then paused.
He held the gun delicately in both hands, examining it.
“What do you guys want with this thing, anyway?”
He looked around his hands.
“You wanna let every boogeyman in the city know where you are?”
He fidgeted, pulling the gun against his chest.
“You’re not firing this here.”
He’d said it as a statement.
Binyelum shook their head.
“No, we’re not firing here.”
They gestured around.
“We wouldn’t be able to get nearly enough attention.”
Sandy frowned, then shrugged.
“Whatever. It’s your dust.”
Binyelum smiled.
“Then we’ll take it off your hands.”
Sandy waved the gun.
“Don’t get cocky. I’m not gonna let you kill yourself for free.”
Binyelum scratched their head.
“Planning to use that thing yourself?”
Sandy raised two fingers.
“The second rule of merchandise–”
Binyelum waved their hand.
“Yeah yeah.”
Sandy scowled.
Binyelum continued.
“You won't regret trading it for a memory card.”
Sandy blinked, then laughed.
“A memory card?”
He reached back at patted the bottom crate.
“What do you think I’ve got in here? I wouldn't even know what to do with all these memory cards.”
He looked out over the Asterlings.
“Maybe I could trade ‘em for a Final Hand weapon.”
Binyelum smiled.
“If you wanted one of those, you should’ve joined the Final Hand.”
Sandy shuddered.
“You are just determined to insult me.”
He sighed.
“Ah well. Maybe I already have everything I want. The wealth of a winner, the safety of the social elite.”
He gestured out at the party.
“Access to all my desires for the rest of the night.”
He pulled the gun close to his chest.
“I guess you guys should’ve rolled better.”
He paused, then grinned.
“Tell you what. Bring me something fun to play with, and I’ll teach you how to play the game.”
What?
No.
Absolutely the fuck not.
Jhansi stepped forward.
“Fuck you.”
Sandy smirked.
He opened his mouth.
Jhansi talked over him.
“How many memory cards have you pulled free with your bare hands?”
Sandy’s mouth fell into a hard line.
“Listen–”
Jhansi kept going.
“How many times have you shared your gift?”
Sandy’s mouth pulled into a snarl.
Jhansi kept going.
“Buy a Final Hand weapon?”
She laughed and shook her head.
“What a sad joke. Could you even carry one of those things?”
Sandy barked, “Shut the fuck up.”
Jhansi kept going.
“You don't have what it takes. You're nothing like them.”
Sandy jumped down from the Subaru.
“What, a bootlicking peon?”
Jhansi laughed again.
“At least they believe in something. You think you're a winner? You're just a bottom-feeding nobody. You lucked into one single iota of power tonight, and what are you doing with it?”
She glared.
“Trading it away for sexual favors from stoned party kids.”
Sandy pointed the flare gun at Jhansi.
“What the fuck do you know, huh?”
He gestured with the gun.
“Who do you think you are? You think you're out there playing the hero? You fucking dumbass. Nobody gives a shit. You're gonna die at the end of the night, same as the rest of us.”
He gestured toward the Asterlings.
“Same as your dumbass friends.”
He gestured toward the party.
“Same as those idiot kids.”
He gestured at the air.
“Same as the fucking Final Hand bozos.”
He gestured at himself.
“Same as me.”
He pointed the gun again at Jhansi.
“Only difference is, I’m actually making the best of what I’ve got. It's everyone for himself out here. Sorry not sorry, life ain't fair.”
Jhansi snorted.
She produced the bloodstained memory card.
“You see this?”
Sandy didn't reply.
Jhansi chuckled.
“You really think I’m afraid of you?”
A voice called from behind Jhansi.
“I wanna hear more about these Final Hand bozos.”
Everyone turned.
Two Final Hand soldiers stood silhouetted by the lights of the party, dark weapons restless against their shoulders.
Sandy cursed.
“Pejudo lo anmo.”
He lowered the gun and let his head fall back.
The soldier with broader shoulders took a step forward.
“You know how this ends, right?”
An expression passed briefly across Sandy's face.
The other soldier walked up to the bed of the Subaru.
“Thanks for bringing in all this loot for us. You're a real pal. The Final Hand won't forget this.”
The first soldier walked up to Sandy.
“Whacha got there?”
They grabbed the gun from Sandy and held it dangling by the grip.
“Nice.”
They dragged out the vowel sound.
“Brandishing an interference weapon and talking shit about the Final Hand at a party where they're on active patrol duty.”
They smacked Sandy's shoulder.
“You’ve got a lotta confidence, buddy.”
The other soldier stepped over.
“Doesn't look like there's any others in his band. Just him and the Baja.”
The first soldier leaned in toward Sandy, his voice dripping with mock concern.
“Oh no, you got separated from your friends?”
The other soldier nodded.
“Has to be. A guy like this would never leave a pal behind to die.”
Sandy shrugged off the first soldier’s hand.
“I get it, I get.”
He inhaled, then cursed.
“Fuck!”
He kicked the wheel of the Subaru.
The first soldier went to put their hand on Sandy's shoulder again. Sandy knocked it away. He turned to look at the Asterlings, baring his teeth at Binyelum and Jhansi. He opened his mouth, then closed it. He yanked open the door to his Subaru.
The second soldier grabbed the back of Sandy’s neck.
“Whoa there, you don't want to leave with all our gifts, do you?”
Sandy groaned.
The first soldier turned to Binyelum and nodded at the crates.
“Give me a hand with these.”
Binyelum jabbed their elbow at the other Asterlings.
“He picked me!”
The soldier said, “Ha ha.”
Binyelum and the soldier unpacked the bed of the Subaru.
Sandy stood in the grip of the other soldier, watching limply.
Oren turned to Jhansi.
“Well done.”
Jhansi blinked.
“Huh?”
Oren smirked and shook his head.
“No, of course you didn't do it on purpose. Still.”
He shrugged.
“Nice job.”
Warmth flooded Jhansi's chest.
A door slammed behind her. The sound of engine bells followed. Headlight luminescence washed over the scene, throwing long shadows. The Subaru's wheels spun hard, throwing sand.
The car backed away haphazardly, beyond the semicircle of cars, and lurched along the beach toward the city.
Everyone stood in silence until the tail lights passed out of sight.
The broader soldier said, “What a miserable little shit.”
The other said, “He’s not gonna last another hour.”
Binyelum nodded at the first soldier.
“How do you feel about parting with that?”
The soldier held up the flare gun.
“This?”
Binyelum nodded.
The soldier again examined the gun.
“An interference weapon is a big deal.”
They looked at Jhansi.
She blinked.
Should she say something?
The soldier looked back at Binyelum.
“I can't just give it to you.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Your friends up by the docks, they're dismantling a bigass alterling.”
The soldier nodded.
“I know. What about it?”
Binyelum tilted their head.
“I know something about how it works.”
The soldier straightened.
“And you think we can't figure it out?”
Binyelum raised both hands.
“Not at all. But knowing quicker might help your friends have an easier time tonight.”
The soldier stood for a moment.
They looked again at Jhansi.
They kept looking at her as they replied to Binyelum.
“Ah what the hell. I'm feeling generous.”
They gestured at Binyelum.
“Follow me back up to the captain.”
They turned to the other soldier.
The other soldier said, “Yeah, I’ll take care of the crates.”
The broader soldier nodded.
They motioned. The Asterlings followed them back through the party. They held a brief conversation with another pair of soldiers, then ducked into the 1996 Infiniti G20.
The Asterlings piled into Mambele.
Jhansi ended up in Oren’s lap. 
Sebastian gave them a look.
“Oh hey. No more pee.”
Jhansi gave him the middle finger.
Mambele pulled forward, following the Infiniti back toward the docks.
Velocity said, “We’re really fucking doing this, huh?”
Binyelum said, “The whole thing.”
Sebastian said, “We’re so fucking dead.”
Oren grinned.
“Die like a star.”
Sebastian laughed darkly.
“I’m beginning to realize I should have given that more thought.”
Velocity laughed once.
“Story of my fucking life.”
Their pendant twinkled.
The Infiniti parked at the edge of the concrete.
Binyelum pulled up alongside it.
They looked in the rearview mirror.
“You guys wait here.”
Jhansi blinked.
Some strange feeling buzzed around inside her.
She didn’t like it.
Sebastian droned, “And they were never heard from again.”
Velocity sang a bittersweet melody reminiscent of a JRPG game over screen.
Oren said, “You’re not even taking Nancy?”
Binyelum laughed brightly.
“You guys are so cute. I’m going to be fine. But thank you for your concern.”
Jhansi watched Binyelum’s back as they stood from Mambele. They greeted the soldier, and together they walked along the dock toward the larger Final Hand assembly. The giant alterling lay completely disassembled, many of its parts missing altogether, transported somewhere into the night.
What kind of weapons would the Final Hand make from that corpse?
Could they use the pylons?
The thought left Jhansi feeling uneasy.
Sebastian gestured at Velocity’s camera.
“You said the candies were free. You didn’t say how you got that.”
Sebastian narrowed his eyes.
“Did you really fuck that guy?”
Velocity laughed.
“I didn’t fuck him.”
Sebastian made a face.
“Do you deliberately scare standards away, or do you just not know how to recognize them?”
Velocity shrugged.
“The human was trash, but the character was fine.”
Sebastian snorted.
“The character sucked.”
Velocity grinned.
They leaned in closer to Sebastian.
“What’s this?”
They cocked their head.
“I know this feeling.”
They cocked their head to the other side.
“It’s jealousy.”
Sebastian punched Velocity’s shoulder.
Nancy watched the exchange with an impassive expression.
Oren said, “He was trash though.”
Velocity sighed.
“Never meet your heroes.”
Jhansi said, “What’s a candy?”
Everyone looked at her.
Velocity grinned.
“A sweet treat.”
Jhansi ignored them.
She nodded at Oren.
“You told me that they exist, but not what they do.”
Oren smiled.
“Candies give your sword a temporary boost. The effects vary pretty greatly. They’re kind of a big deal. It’s crazy that Velocity got some for free.”
Velocity stared at Sebastian as they replied.
“I could be lying.”
Sebastian rolled his eyes.
Jhansi said, “Can I see them?”
Velocity held out their hand.
Three brightly glowing orbs clustered together, one yellow, one blue, one pink. Tiny symbols tumbled off each, spinning through the air, dissipating like smoke. Exclamation points formed from lightning bolts drifted off the yellow candy. Exclamation points shaped into arrows drifted off the blue candy. Exclamation points ending in hearts drifted off the pink candy.
Jhansi said, “Fucking sick.”
Sebastian said, “The simple joys of a child.”
Jhansi glared at him.
She looked at Velocity.
“What do they do?”
Velocity shrugged.
“Beats me.”
Jhansi raised both eyebrows.
She looked around.
“Anybody?”
Oren said, “I’m pretty sure the yellow one adds some kind of extra impact. I’d guess the blue one adds some kind of status effect, maybe something that affects your enemy’s movement. No idea about the pink one.”
Jhansi blinked.
“Huh.”
A shadow loomed outside Mambele.
Binyelum opened the driver’s side door.
“Team meeting.”
Everyone piled out of the sedan.
Binyelum twirled the flare gun around their finger.
Jhansi beamed.
“You got it!”
Binyelum nodded.
“You doubted me?”
Jhansi blurted, “Never.”
Everyone looked at her.
Oren, Velocity, and Sebastian laughed.
Jhansi blushed.
Binyelum smiled warmly.
They snapped their fingers.
“Alright. We’ve gotta take this somewhere it’ll be visible across most of the city.”
Oren said, “Sandy wasn’t wrong about the kind of attention that’ll attract.”
Binyelum nodded.
“I don’t like it either. If we make the wrong choice, there’s a solid chance it’s our last choice.”
Jhansi said, “We could go back to the Washington Center.”
Binyelum shook their head.
“Don’t wanna trap us at the top of a building.”
Jhansi frowned.
It made sense.
Why couldn’t she ever stop to think?
Stupid bitch.
Binyelum continued.
“That means anything downtown is off limits. The Beanstalk, the Wells Fargo Tower, bad vibes.”
Velocity said, “Good. I didn’t wanna climb fifty stories anyway.”
Sebastian said, “There’s the Health Sciences Alliance campus up on the hill.”
Velocity smacked everyone’s shoulder.
“Yeah! If a problem shows up, we’ll get to dramatically escape down the aerial tram line!”
Oren gave Velocity a look.
“The tram’s not running.”
Velocity mimicked using their sword as a zipline trolley.
“Wheee!”
Sebastian said, “You’re an idiot.”
Oren said, “Wouldn’t they just cut the tram line?”
Binyelum said, “The campus is a good idea though.”
They looked out into the night, up toward the city.
“I want to scout the way.”
Oren followed Binyelum’s gaze.
“From all the way down here?”
Binyelum nodded.
“From the top of the Strawberri Eight.”
Sebastian frowned.
“Can we even get up there anymore? Wasn’t it obliterated?”
Binyelum nodded again.
“Parts of it for sure, but not the whole thing. And there’s no way we’re gonna run into anybody else on our way up there.”
Sebastian nodded.
“Huh.”
Binyelum turned to Jhansi.
“And you, princess, are staying behind.”
Everyone looked at Binyelum.
What?
Left behind?
Did Binyelum not trust her?
Static exploded along the perimeter of Jhansi’s interior space.
“What?”
She could do nothing to stop the petulance in her tone.
“Why?”
Oren looked between Binyelum and Jhansi.
Velocity frowned.
“For good?”
Sebastian looked confused.
He opened his mouth, then closed it again.
Nancy stared at Binyelum.
Binyelum replied to Velocity.
“Only if she wants.”
Jhansi scowled.
“Did I do something wrong?”
Binyelum nodded.
“You did.”
A thick arm of static swung hard against Jhansi’s back.
“You didn’t have fun.”
What?
Jhansi’s scowl deepened.
“That’s not my fault!”
Binyelum smiled warmly.
“Princess, you’re not actually in trouble. This isn’t a punishment.”
Jhansi stamped her foot.
“It feels like it!”
Binyelum nodded slowly.
“I’m sorry that it feels that way.”
They gestured around, at the whole of the night.
“I don’t know why, but you don’t understand how anything works.”
They looked at Jhansi.
“This might be your last chance tonight to find some perspective.”
Jhansi opened her mouth, but Binyelum kept talking.
“You are a good person.”
Jhansi blinked.
Binyelum continued.
“You don’t have to work so hard to prove it.”
They looked around at the other Asterlings.
“Everyone here loves you, and appreciates all your hard work.”
Binyelum shrugged gently.
“Nobody will think any less of you if you decide you want to have fun with the rest of your night.”
Sebastian made a face.
“Hey! Why didn’t I get this option!”
Binyelum turned a hard gaze on Sebastian.
“Because that’s not the direction in which you need to be growing.”
Sebastian blinked.
Jhansi growled, “You think I’m going to grow if you leave me behind?”
Binyelum nodded.
“If you learn how to have fun? Yes. That will be incredible growth.”
Jhansi gestured around.
“I am having fun!”
Binyelum nodded again.
“I know that you feel that way.”
“But–”
“We’ll be back, Jhansi.”
Binyelum clasped both their hands together.
“Do this as a favor, for me. If you still want to come with us once we’re done scouting, we’ll be glad to have you. If not, we’ll be glad you’ve found some peace.”
Jhansi crossed her arms.
“I’m just going to sit here and wait.”
Binyelum sighed.
“Please don’t.”
They squeezed their hands together again.
“For me.”
Jhansi’s nostrils flared.
She let out a long, low growl, until she ran out of breath.
At last she said, “Fine.”
Binyelum smiled.
“Thank you, princess.”
They gestured.
“Follow me. The Final Hand has agreed to take you back down to the party.”
The Final Hand?
So she’d have to spend even more time with people she didn’t know.
Fucking great.
Jhansi groaned.
Jhansi stepped forward.
Oren gave her a long look.
“Take care of yourself.”
Velocity said, “A pampered life suits a princess.”
Sebastian said, “Maybe don’t watch more monster orgies, yeah?”
Nancy gave her an indecipherable expression.
Jhansi said, “I’ll see you guys soon.”
She added, “Don’t fucking die on me.”
Velocity jabbed Sebastian in the ribs.
“Imagine the meltdown she’d have.”
Jhansi smiled in spite of herself.
Binyelum turned, and Jhansi stepped to keep up.
The rest of the Asterlings stood watching in the pair’s lengthening shadows.
Jhansi turned to Binyelum.
“You’re an asshole.”
Binyelum smiled.
“I thought I was perfect.”
Jhansi made a face.
“I guess I was wrong.”
Binyelum grinned.
“I promise I won’t tell anyone.”
A soldier greeted them. Jhansi recognized them from before. Carden.
“Babysitting. Can't wait.”
Jhansi glared.
Binyelum said, “Remember, no sugar after sunset, and make sure she brushes her teeth before bed.”
Carden said nothing.
Binyelum turned to Jhansi.
“We won't be long. Promise me you’ll have fun.”
Jhansi glared.
Binyelum repeated themselves.
“Promise me?”
Jhansi's mouth fell into a pout.
She looked away.
“Fine.”
Binyelum raised an eyebrow.
“Fine what, Jhansi?”
Seriously?
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
“Ugh. Fine. I promise I'll have fun.”
Binyelum giggled.
“I almost believe you.”
They gave Jhansi a long look.
Jhansi stared back.
Every detail tugged at her awareness.
The small crescents of headlight luminescence reflected in Binyelum’s eyes. The creases as the corners of their mouth. The cords of their throat, plunging down into their jacket.
Jhansi swallowed.
Binyelum said, “We’ll be back soon.”
Jhansi nodded.
Binyelum turned.
Jhansi watched them walk away.
They didn’t turn until they reached Mambele.
They raised a hand, pointed their index finger and thumb like a gun at Jhansi, and pulled the trigger.
Jhansi mimed grabbing the bullet.
Binyelum ducked into Mambele.
Jhansi’s hair blew around her face as Mambele pulled away.
Carden said, “So, you two are a thing?”
Jhansi whipped around.
“What?”
Heat rose in her cheeks.
“We’re friends.”
Carden nodded once.
“Uh huh.”
They sighed.
“Whatever, not my problem.”
They turned, heading toward the Blazer.
“C’mon. I’m heading down to the party. You’re coming with, apparently.”
Jhansi tried to picture herself returning to the party.
She shook her head.
She wanted to fulfill her promise to Binyelum, but.
No.
Jhansi said, “Do I have to?”
Carden turned back to her.
They gave her a strange look, then shrugged.
“I’m not your dad.”
They gestured around.
“But you can’t get in the fucking way up here.”
Jhansi nodded.
“Yeah, that’s fine.”
She had seen enough of that giant alterling’s body parts for a lifetime.
Carden stared at her for another moment, then headed again toward the Blazer.
Jhansi called out, “Hey!”
Carden groaned audibly.
They stopped, but didn’t turn back.
Jhansi said, “Why did you join the Final Hand?”
Carden didn’t reply.
Jhansi frowned.
Great.
Another interaction she completely fucked up.
Jhansi said, “You don’t have to answer.”
Carden looked toward the disassembled corpse of the alterling.
“Why didn’t you join any of the larger bands?”
Jhansi blinked.
Oh shit.
She hadn’t expected that.
“Uh.”
She understood by now that she should avoid revealing her status as a specialing.
A half truth should suffice.
“I don’t really know what I’m doing.”
Carden chuckled.
“You don’t really seem like it.”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
Carden continued.
“You got lucky. Your friends–you guys look out for each other.”
They shrugged.
“It’s pretty cool.”
Jhansi blinked.
“They left me behind.”
Carden laughed.
They finally turned to look at her.
“See, that's what I mean.”
They gestured out into the night.
“You want to be with them right now.”
Jhansi frowned.
“Why wouldn't I?”
“Because it's fucking terrifying out there.”
Okay.
Fair.
Jhansi shrugged and nodded.
Carden asked, “Why did they leave you behind, anyway?”
Jhansi scowled.
“I’m supposed to learn how to have fun.”
Carden barked a laugh that rolled out over the dock.
“You're not the type to have fun?”
Jhansi made a face.
“I don't really like parties.”
Carden laughed again, not as loud but just as sincere.
“Me either.”
Jhansi’s arms tingled.
She smiled, in spite of everything.
“It’s cool how you guys look out for each other too.”
Carden paused for an imperceptible beat.
“Thanks.”
They looked around the dock.
“You really sure you wanna hang out around here?”
Jhansi nodded.
“I’ll be fine. I'm used to being alone.”
Carden nodded.
“Well, uh–hey, what’s your name?”
Holy shit.
It felt like a thousand years had passed since someone asked her that question.
Jhansi pointed two finger guns at Carden.
“Jhansi Aur, princess tryhardling of the Asterlings.”
Carden laughed.
“You really tell that to people?”
Jhansi grinned.
“It’s what my friends call me.”
Carden shook their head playfully.
“With friends like these–”
Jhansi said, “Who needs endlings?”
Carden paused.
“I’ve never heard that one before. That was pretty good.”
They shrugged to themselves.
“Huh.”
They said to Jhansi, “Well, Jhansi, if I don't see you before your friends get back, take care. The night’s long.”
They waved at Jhansi.
Jhansi waves back.
“Maybe we’ll meet again before the end.”
Carden paused.
“Maybe we will.”
They turned and headed toward the Blazer. Another soldier joined them. Carden took the driver's seat.
Jhansi watched them pull away, the crunch of gravel and grit diminishing as the cloak swallowed the tail lights.
She turned and headed toward the water. Stacks of shipping containers loomed, each metal edifice reaching higher into the sky the closer she walked. Light beaming from the Final Hand vehicles cast Jhansi’s shadow up the surface of the nearest temporary structure. She reached out as she walked alongside it. The rough metal pulled at her fingers. She left trails in the thin layer of collected dust.
How far had that container traveled to get here?
Jhansi reached the edge of the dock. The water pressed insistently against the pilings several meters beneath her. A warehouse stretched away on her left, doors shuttered against the night. A crane filled the skyline to her right.
Jhansi sat, letting her feet dangle out into the air.
Her mom’s anxious voice echoed in her mind.
“Don’t fall!”
She rolled her eyes.
A reminder of how she’d ended up in the netherlume shift to begin with.
Her nighttime walks.
Anything for a minute free from feeling policed.
Jhansi sighed.
She really should think more generously about her parents.
Almost every other kid she knew had it way fucking worse.
Just.
It fucking exhausted her.
Playing the character that kept her parents happy.
Her mom’s voice asked, “You’re not happy?”
Jhansi rolled her eyes again.
How could she possibly explain it?
She’d tried every day of her life.
“I just don’t feel like I belong anywhere.”
And then her mom’s eyes would grow wide.
“But you’re so special! Everyone loves you!”
Yeah, yeah.
She had indeed learned behaviors that helped everyone feel comfortable around her.
Anything to keep others from seeing her true self.
Anything to have a friend again.
Asphyxiation to escape the loneliness.
Isolation to escape the suffocation.
Yeah, mom.
Everyone loves me.
Jhansi laid back, holding her head in her palms. The cool concrete welcomed her. The dark sky widened above.
Somewhere else to disappear into.
Except.
She didn’t want to.
The Asterlings didn’t hate her.
They did make fun of her.
She kind of deserved it.
But they didn’t hate her.
She’d had a hard time accessing her disguise tonight–which, fair–but it didn’t seem to matter.
And.
She kind of liked spending time with them.
A quiet voice said, “Hello there.”
Jhansi jumped.
She pushed herself up on her elbows.
Her surroundings looked just as empty as before.
The voice hadn't belonged to the dark shape, so, what?
Had she gone even crazier?
Something shuffled in the shadows beneath the warehouse.
The hairs on the back of her neck stood up.
Jhansi said, “Hello?”
No way an alterling would creep this close to the Final Hand.
Right?
For that matter, what alterling could use human speech?
None of them.
Right?
A teenager stepped out from the darkness.
A dark green, wide-brimmed hat with a steep, crumpled point obscured their face, leaving only their mouth exposed. A loose-fitting t-shirt and pair of jeans–both in different shades of green–hung off their narrow frame. They looked tall, even from this distance.
Jhansi relaxed, but only marginally.
Greenmage took a step forward.
Jhansi pushed herself to her feet.
“Who are you?”
Nobody had joined them.
Just the one, then.
“Who’re you with?”
GM held up both hands and shook their head.
“Oh, I’m not with anyone.”
They smiled.
“I’m alone, like you.”
Jhansi shook her head.
“I’m not alone.”
She glanced up toward the city.
“My friends just–”
She frowned.
GM cocked their head.
“What?”
Jhansi huffed.
“I’m going to tell you that my friends left, and then you’re going to make some kind of weird comment trying to undermine my faith in them.”
GM chuckled.
“I’m not going to try to undermine your faith in your friends.”
They paused.
“I do understand why you’d expect that.”
Jhansi relaxed further, but still not entirely.
“You didn’t answer my other question.”
GM gave her a short, stiff bow.
“Of course. I’m Rory. It’s nice to meet you.”
They took another step forward.
“And you are?”
Jhansi still couldn’t fully relax.
Her whole body tingled.
What the hell did this feeling mean?
“I’m Jhansi.”
It came out curt. She hadn’t intended that. She also didn’t fix it.
Rory cocked their head again.
They repeated her name slowly.
“Jhansi.”
They paused.
“Fascinating.”
Jhansi couldn't stop herself from making a face.
“Thanks?”
Rory chuckled.
“You’re welcome.”
Jhansi didn’t reply.
She still couldn’t fully relax.
Silence hung uncomfortably between them.
At last Jhansi said, “Do you need help?”
Rory shook their head.
“Nope. Do you?”
Seriously, what the hell?
Jhansi replied slowly, doing nothing to keep the irritation from her voice.
“Nope.”
Rory nodded.
“That’s good.”
They paused.
“It was kind of you to ask.”
Jhansi huffed.
“Thanks.”
Rory smiled.
“You’re welcome.”
Jhansi felt her scowl deepen heavily.
“What do you want?”
Rory took another step forward.
Only a few paces separated them.
Jhansi noticed that Rory wore a bamboo shinai slung through their belt.
Rory said, “I’m just curious.”
Jhansi raised her eyebrows.
“About?”
Rory gestured.
“You.”
They smiled.
“It’s rare to find a teenager wandering around all alone out here.”
Jhansi took a step back.
“You’re going around looking for lone teenagers?”
Rory shrugged.
“Tonight I am.”
Jhansi narrowed her eyes.
“Why?”
Rory shrugged again.
“I'm looking for someone.”
They paused.
“How did you die, Jhansi?”
Jahnsi blinked.
“I didn't.”
Shit.
She probably shouldn't have said that.
Rory said nothing.
The silence expanded.
At last Rory said, “I understand that you're lying. Everyone lies out here. But why this lie? It doesn't make sense.”
Static flickered around the perimeter of Jhansi's interior space.
“I’m not lying.”
Rory brought a hand to their chin.
“Hm.”
They paused.
“You’re an alterling?”
The static snapped, sending sparks through Jhansi's interior space.
“No!”
Jhansi shook her head.
“I’m one of the good guys.”
Rory stared at her.
“One of the good guys.”
They cocked their head.
“What does that mean?”
Ugh.
This shit again.
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
“I’m fighting Egaeus. Duh.”
Rory smiled.
“Fighting Egaeus?”
They looked up at the moon.
“What does that mean?”
What the fuck else could it mean?
“It means I’m going to beat him.”
Rory said nothing.
They continued to stare at the moon.
Jhansi said, “I’m going to save everyone.”
Rory looked back at her.
“You're going to save everyone?”
They shook their head.
“Who are you?”
Jhansi made a face.
“I’m Jhansi.”
Rory responded slowly.
“Uh huh.”
They appraised Jhansi, top to bottom.
“You're not an alterling, you're a … special one. You didn’t die, you just spontaneously wandered into the netherlume shift. Your goal is to defeat Egaeus, and you believe that you will … save everyone.”
They smiled.
“Fascinating.”
Jhansi didn't like the way they kept using that word.
“Sure.”
She paused.
“Thanks.”
She paused again.
“How did you die?”
Rory shook their head.
“Oh, I haven't died.”
What?
Static flickered around the perimeter of Jhansi's interior space.
Another like her?
Sparks flared.
Impossible.
Jhansi shook her head–maybe within her interior space, maybe out in the world, she couldn't tell.
The static began to buzz.
Two ultrarare specialings couldn't coexist.
It didn't work like that.
Rory added, “I’m an alterling.”
Jhansi froze.
The world behind Rory seemed to pull away.
The two of them stood alone on the dock, separated from everything else by a thousand miles of tilted landscape.
Jhansi stared.
What?
Rory didn’t explain.
Jhansi said, “Excuse me?”
Rory nodded and repeated themselves.
“I’m an alterling.”
Jhansi's mouth pulled into a weird grin.
Uh huh.
Jhansi forced a laugh.
“Funny joke.”
Rory looked confused.
“It’s not a joke.”
Jhansi's teeth banged together.
Nope.
No way.
Absolutely fucking not.
An alterling that resembled a special one?
No.
That would open up way too many questions.
That might mean that she–
Don’t think about it.
But what if–
No.
Didn’t she want to know?
No.
The dark shape said, {“Don’t you want to know if you’re a monster?”}
The circumambient static fucking exploded.
Arms of searing voltage stabbed through Jhansi from a thousand angles.
Pain screamed through her body.
She lurched backward along the dock, nearly stumbling over herself.
Rory held up both hands.
“I’m not going to hurt you.”
Jhansi shook her head.
She squeezed shut her eyes, balled her fists, and doubled over.
She shrieked, her voice pitching up into raw mania.
“I’m not a monster!”
The sound echoed out over the water.
The moon stared down at them.
Rory gave her a confused frown.
“I didn't say you were.”
Jhansi looked up.
She backed further away.
Concern weighed on Rory’s frown.
“Do you not know what you are?”
Jhansi threw her arm wide.
She growled, “I’m a fucking good guy.”
Her chest heaved.
Rory said nothing.
Jhansi ground her teeth together.
She glared.
The dark shape writhed.
{“I know what you want.”}
The static splintered, widening old wounds and stabbing open new ones.
Jhansi whimpered.
{“No.”}
The dark shape swelled.
{“Let that feeling fill you up.”}
Jhansi tightened every muscle she could.
{“No!”}
Rory said, “It looks like you have a lot of feelings to work through.”
Jhansi shouted, “Fuck you! You don’t know shit, you fucking floppy hat freak.”
Rory’s expression hardened.
“Think about your actions, Jhansi.”
The dark shape said, {“Let go.”}
Jhansi shook her head.
She tensed harder.
{“No!”}
Rory stared at her.
The static burned hotter.
Tears welled in the back of her eyes.
No.
No.
No.
Jhansi screamed, “Leave me alone!”
Light washed over Jhansi.
She looked up.
Mambele’s headlights beamed from across the dock.
Jhansi’s chest hitched.
She looked back toward Rory.
They had disappeared.
Mambele’s driver’s side door swung open.
Binyelum’s silhouette appeared.
“Jhansi!”
Jhansi didn’t wait for a cue. She stepped across the dock. Her hands shook.
Binyelum added, “What the fuck, Jhansi?”
The static buzzed.
Jhansi shook her head.
“I’m sorry.”
Binyelum stepped toward her.
“Jhansi, what the fuck?”
They sounded angry.
The static blistered.
Jhansi pleaded, “I’m sorry!”
Binyelum’s features came into focus against the beaming headlights.
Their expression softened radically.
“Are you okay?”
Jhansi looked back toward the edge of the dock.
Binyelum followed the gaze.
“What?”
Should she tell them?
And risk the chance that Binyelum would reconsider her status as an ultrarare specialing?
As an Asterling?
Jhansi shook her head.
“Nothing.”
Binyelum frowned.
“Jhansi, you’re shaking.”
They put their hands on Jhansi’s shoulders.
Jhansi’s stomach twisted into a hard knot.
The other Asterlings came filing out of the car.
Fuck.
She did not fucking want them to see her like this.
She pleaded, “I’m fine, really.”
Sebastian called out.
“Princess had an episode?”
The static flickered.
Binyelum stepped past Jhansi toward the edge of the dock.
Oren took their place.
“Jhansi, you look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
Jhansi shook her head.
“Really, I’m fine. It’s not a big deal.”
Don’t fucking dote.
She could take care of herself.
Don’t put her at the center of that kind of attention.
Velocity said, “Damn, babe. Looks like you really know how to have fun.”
Jhansi chuckled darkly.
Nancy had remained with Mambele. She leaned on the hood with arms crossed, her fragmented limb resting atop the whole one. Jhansi couldn’t see her expression, but didn’t really need to.
Binyelum returned.
“What the fuck were you doing?”
Jhansi shook her head.
“I didn’t want to go to the party.”
Binyelum scowled.
“You promised me that you would.”
Jhansi pouted, “I decided I didn’t want to.”
Binyelum raised both their eyebrows.
“Is that always how you treat your promises?”
The static flickered.
Jhansi made a face, but said nothing.
Oren said, “Well, at least she was easy enough to find.”
Always so gracious with an opportunity to change the tone.
Jhansi said, “How was the Strawberri Eight.”
Binyelum narrowed their eyes at Jhansi.
Just as Jhansi began to wonder whether or not they would reply, they spoke.
“Crowded.”
Jhansi furrowed her brows.
Oren explained.
“Crawling with the Persistent Flame of the Bloodshot Eye.”
Jhansi looked from Oren to Binyelum.
“That’s bad?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“I do not trust them.”
Oren added, “Duet thinks they followed us from Bridgemall.”
Jhansi blinked. 
“Followed us?”
Binyelum shook their head again.
“Not us. At least, not deliberately. Wouldn’t surprise me if they lured that thing–”
They gestured across the dock toward the remnants of the corpse.
“–to Bridgemall, and then followed it after.”
They paused.
“If they did, I doubt they’re happy with how it all turned out.”
Jhansi furrowed her brows.
“Why would they do that?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“They do a lot of weird shit. I’d like to stay as far out of their sight as possible.”
Jhansi nodded.
“It did seem like you came back awfully quick.”
She looked around.
“What now? Are we scouting somewhere else?”
Binyelum said, “I’m trying to figure that out.”
Jhansi blinked.
“You don’t know?”
Binyelum gave Oren a strange look.
Oren ran a hand through his hair.
“I don’t think we should.”
Jhansi blinked again.
“What?”
Oren shrugged.
“The longer we wait, the stronger the Mesonoxian becomes.”
The strange look didn’t leave Binyelum’s face.
Sebastian said, “I don't mind hanging around the party a little longer.”
Velocity held their hands up in front of their face.
“I can see the momentum leaving my body.”
Binyelum pinched the bridge of their nose.
“The fastest way to the HSA campus is–”
Velocity interrupted.
“The aerial tram!”
Binyelum gave them a look.
They continued.
“–to catch a bridge to the northside, then take the switchbacks up the south face of the hill.”
Jhansi pictured St. Alëmskaan’machi in her mind.
The HSA campus looked down from the top of Sunset Crest, the western-most and slightly taller of the twin hills at the heart of the Heliacal Ridge, a weathered range of metamorphic rock that marked the northern boundary of the city. A steep valley separated both hills. Engineers had blasted two channels through the quartzite layer at the bottom of the valley, for north- and south-bound highway lanes.
Jhansi shook her head.
“Those switchbacks are so slow.”
She pointed vaguely in the direction of the campus.
“If we take Highway 1 north out of the city, there’s that left-hand exit that loops back around up Sunset Crest. We’ll be there in, what, five minutes?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“I’m not taking us through a tunnel.”
Jhansi shook her head.
“It’s not a tunnel.”
She waved her hand over her head.
Binyelum chuckled.
“Great slogan for a tourist brochure.”
They shook their head.
“But no. We’ll be too easy to box in.”
Jhansi quirked her mouth in irritation.
Oren shrugged.
“I dunno.”
Binyelum gave him a look Jhansi had never seen on their face.
“No.”
Oren gestured around.
“Why not?”
Binyelum narrowed their eyes.
“It’s stupid.”
Oren shook his head.
“So is sneaking into the lair of the Mesonoxian.”
Binyelum raised their eyebrows.
“Won’t really get a chance for that if we’re ground into roadkill.”
Oren raised his eyebrows to match.
“Aren’t we gonna die anyway?”
Binyelum didn’t reply.
They exhaled sharply through their nose.
Jhansi looked between the two Asterlings.
This had never happened before.
What had changed in the last few minutes?
At last Binyelum said, “Risking your life and asking for death are two different things.”
Oren stared at them.
A slow smile crept across his face.
“Oh. Of course.”
He laughed like sunlight.
He put both hands on Binyelum’s shoulders.
“You’re so sweet, you know that?”
Binyelum frowned.
Oren continued.
“You really are the best. It’s always been an honor to work with you.”
He slapped Binyelum on the shoulder.
“Thank you for being my friend.”
He beamed, and shook his head earnestly.
“You can’t protect me forever. I’m not afraid to die.”
Binyelum’s mouth fell into a soft smile.
Faint lines of pain creased the corners of their eyes.
“Oren.”
Oren pulled Binyelum into a hug.
“The night is long. Right now, I just wanna see Mambele’s headlights against the walls of that tunnel.”
Binyelum shook their head.
“Not a tunnel.”
They sighed.
“This is an idiot idea.”
Oren shrugged.
“I don't care.”
He looked at Jhansi.
“I just want to have fun.”
Jhansi blinked.
Binyelum sighed again.
“Alright. For some stupid reason, we’re taking Highway 1 up to the HSA campus. We’re all going to die, probably at the hands of low level alterlings, and everyone will make fun of us in the daydreaming for the rest of human history.”
Velocity said, “Look, ma! I’m gonna be remembered!”
Sebastian glared around.
“An idiot idea. Enlighten me. Exactly how will this help me grow?”
Velocity punched his arm.
“An idiot idea should be relatable for a self-centered dingus like you. Teach ya empathy.”
Sebastian focused his glare.
He deadpanned, “I feel inspired by the example set by my peers.”
Binyelum smiled.
“Looks like we're done here.”
They looked out over the water for just a moment, then turned without a word back toward Mambele.
The rest of the Asterlings followed.
Jhansi ducked partway into the sedan, then paused.
“Hang on.”
Sebastian said, “My kingdom for one of Jhansi's whims.”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
She retrieved a playing card from the deck, along with the Sharpie, and wrote on the face of the card in thick letters.
YOU ARE A GOOD FRIEND
She walked out back along the dock, toward where she had met Rory.
The card felt heavy in her hand. She understood the impulse that led her to choose those words, but it didn't seem right to leave the card here. Still, she didn't really have any other options.
Binyelum called, “Hurry up!”
Jhansi tucked the card in against the frame of the nearest shipping container.
Maybe it would make its way across the ocean.
She hurried back to Mambele, ending up in Oren’s lap.
The glow from the dome light winked off the shifter, now a rose gold hand wheel. Four vertically oriented glass tubes glowed faintly in the center console above the wheel. Binyelum pulled the clutch trigger and spun the hand wheel to the left. The leftmost tube filled with golden light. Mambele reversed. Binyelum turned the steering wheel and spun the shifter. Light drained from the first tube, filling the next, and the next after that. Mambele pulled away toward the street.
Nancy leaned back back in her seat, eyes closed, expression impassive.
Sebastian sat between Oren and Velocity, staring vaguely at Nancy.
Velocity stared out their window, idly playing with their pendant.
Oren leaned with his chin in his palm, staring out his own window.
Binyelum’s eyes scanned the road ahead.
Jhansi looked between everyone.
A warm feeling settled heavy in her chest.
What?
Safety?
She shook her head.
She could not let them find out about Rory.
She couldn’t bear the idea of even one of them thinking of her as a monster.
A bright orange nebulite washed through the cabin.
Another, more familiar feeling settled in Jhansi’s chest.
Anxiety.
She opened her mouth.
“So what was it like up at the Strawberri Eight?”
Binyelum looked at her in the rearview mirror.
“Like I said, crawling with the Persistent Flame of the Bloodshot Eye.”
Jhansi nodded.
“Yeah, but how many? What were they doing? What was their vibe?”
She clasped her hands in front of her.
“Paint a picture with your words.”
Binyelum gave her a look, then shrugged.
“There were maybe a dozen of them. I counted three cars, at least. They had set up a small perimeter around the front of the building, where that alterling smashed through the glass. Probably harvesting some of it for new-game-plus tokens, knowing them. Their vibes was …”
They trailed off, then waved a hand in the air.
“Whatever their vibe is.”
Jhansi blinked.
“Harvesting the glass for new-game-plus tokens?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“They do that kind of shit. There's a good chance they created that alterling in the first place.”
What?
Jhansi shook her head.
“Created? How?”
Binyelum exhaled.
“With a calculated choreography of purposefully paced encounters, leading various denizens of the netherlume shift into conflict to create memory cards charged with highly specific experiences.”
Oren perked up.
“Oh hey.”
He nodded, first to himself, then to Binyelum.
“I wonder if that’s why we found that other faction of endlings at Bridgemall.”
Binyelum nodded, dragging out the vowel sounds in their reply.
“Yep.”
Deliberately designing superpowered monsters?
Jhansi said, “Why would anyone do that?”
The smile Binyelum gave in response made her feel uneasy.
“What if you could create an alterling with unbelievable powers, abilities hardly ever witnessed in the netherlume shift. Ranged attacks. Regeneration. Replication.”
They paused.
“Invisibility. Teleportation. Mind control.”
Jhansi blinked.
The dark shape writhed.
Jhansi said, “That would be a fucking nightmare.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Fair. But.”
They held up a finger.
“What if you knew exactly how to kill that monster?”
They held up a second finger.
“And then bring it back as a special one.”
They held up a third finger.
“Allied with your band.”
Holy shit.
The dark shape churned.
Jhansi said, “Is that really how it works?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“I don’t think anybody knows exactly how it works. But the Persistent Flame of the Bloodshot Eye are pretty convinced they know how to get what they want. And they’re pretty often correct.”
Jhansi stared at Binyelum’s reflection.
She looked away.
Highly specialized monsters.
Rory?
Jhansi shook her head.
No.
Nope.
No way.
She looked back at Binyelum.
“That’s scary.”
Binyelum agreed.
“It is.”
Jhansi nodded.
Had the Persistent Flame of the Bloodshot Eye tainted any of their other encounters that evening? The teens at Bridgemall? The Cursed Tardigrade and Baba Yagoo? Sandy?
Goosebumps prickled Jhansi’s skin.
She would easily lose perspective if she followed those thoughts much further.
“I understand why you don’t trust them.”
Binyelum again dragged out the vowel sounds in their reply.
“Yep.”
Binyelum turned Mambele right onto the Aspihele Crossing Bridge. Jhansi peered out the window. The dark mass of the river passed quietly beneath them, reflecting nothing.
Binyelum turned again, pulling them onto the highway on-ramp, and pressed even harder on the accelerator.
Sebastian turned to Jhansi.
“What about you?”
Jhansi gave him a look.
He said, “What was it like on the docks?”
He smiled.
“Paint a picture with your words.”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
“I’ll paint a picture with my vomit.”
Velocity said, “Evocative.”
Sebastian said, “Evasive.”
Jhansi rolled her eyes again.
“I talked with Carden.”
Sebastian furrowed his brows.
“Who?”
Jhansi gestured.
“That Final Hand guy.”
Sebastian nodded sarcastically.
“That clears up so much.”
Oren smiled.
“Our little princess, all grown up, learning how to make friends.”
Sebastian barked a laugh.
“Runs away from a party, chats up a dead-eyed murder drone.”
Velocity slapped his shoulder.
“I didn't see you making any new friends at the party.”
Sebastian stuck out his tongue.
“That's not the direction in which I need to be growing.”
Jhansi opened her mouth, then closed it.
The entrance to the Highway 1 channel opened up before them.
Jhansi unconsciously held her breath as they passed inside.
It looked like everyone else did the same.
Binyelum kept Mambele straddling the divider line. Shimmering walls of polished quartzite rose thirty meters on either side before opening up onto the sky. The moon hung watchful in the narrow space. Mambele’s headlights blasted against the walls of the channel, throwing forward a spray of glitter like the inverted tail of a comet.
The cloak shrouded the end of the channel.
For a moment nobody spoke.
Jhansi let the sparkling beads of light burn trails into her vision.
Something interrupted the radiance.
A pink line?
Spray painted words.
Binyelum cursed.
“Fuck.”
They pulled hard on the handbrake.
The veins on their wrist bulged.
Mambele drifted to the left, tires screeching.
Jhansi barely had time to catch herself.
Her forehead swung close to the window.
Something laid across the road.
A spike strip.
Oh holy fuck.
Mambele lurched to a stop.
A pair of headlights blinked to life back down the highway.
Mambele’s bells rumbled.
Oren leaned into the front seat, sharp eyes glinting. 
“Jump it.”
Binyelum shook their head.
“Not anymore.”
They squeezed the steering wheel.
“People just don’t love anymore.”
Velocity leaned forward, peering over Binyelum’s other shoulder.
“New friends?”
Binyelum’s eyes flicked from side to side.
Binyelum said, “Read the writing.”
Velocity followed Binyelum’s gaze.
“Fuck.”
Jhansi looked again at the words scrawled in glaring pink along the channel walls.
SURVIVAL IS TRUTH
A cold knot pulled at her stomach.
Sebastian pushed himself deeper into the upholstery and crossed his arms.
He exhaled quietly.
“Fuck indeed.”
Binyelum looked at him in the rearview mirror.
“You know something?”
Sebastian looked at the floor.
He didn’t reply.
The headlights at the other end of the channel flicked off and back on.
Oren furrowed his brows.
“What do we do?”
Binyelum frowned.
They flicked Mambele’s headlights off and back on.
The car at the end of the channel began to pull forward.
Binyelum stepped gently on the accelerator.
Sebastian looked up.
“Really?”
Velocity echoed the sentiment.
“Really?”
Binyelum nodded once.
“Love to try my luck.”
The glistening black body of a 1996 Nissan 300ZX slid out of the cloak, engine bells ringing deep. It moved as though propelled by some immaterial force, wheels spinning too slowly. Mambele’s headlight luminescence traced every sloping curve, dragging as though caught on a frictious surface. The light illuminated looping letters spray painted in bright pink across the hood of the car.
GRACED FOR A NIGHT
BY THE LOVE OF A SKY
BRIGHTER THAN ANY
HEAVEN
The knot in Jhansi’s stomach tightened.
The 300ZX stopped.
Binyelum shifted Mambele into park.
Neither party made a move.
Binyelum twisted their grip on the steering wheel.
“Here goes.”
They popped open the driver’s side door and stepped into the channel.
The driver’s side door of the 300ZX opened in response.
Nancy didn't wait for any instruction, she opened her door and followed Binyelum out of the car.
The rest of the Asterlings took her cue.
Jhansi stepped hard onto the asphalt. The sound reverberated. In some back part of her mind she marveled at how few people had probably stood in that space.
A tall figure stepped from the 300ZX. A heavy chain dangled from their fist. They pulled on it. The figure in the front passenger’s seat responded, climbing over the center console and stepping out. Three others followed, climbing from the back.
The first figure wore all white. White Chelsea boots. Cuffed white slacks. A white leather belt with a glittering white buckle. A white dress shirt with three buttons undone. A white blazer. Glasses with circular white frames. A shock of straight white hair capped it off like a crown.
The second figure stood wearing a pink latex bodysuit and facemask, with only their mouth and one hand exposed. Incongruously, they also wore white Puma Pulsars and a white Coach backpack. The chain in Vanilla’s grip led to a thick collar fastened around their neck.
One of the figures further back wore the same outfit, their chain leash pulled taut by their partner.
The final figure stood alone.
Vanilla opened their mouth, then closed it. An expression like surprise passed quickly across their features. A grin replaced it, pulled into place by tight lines.
They laughed.
“Holy shit!”
They spread their hands.
The chain rattled.
“Sebastian!”
All the Asterlings turned to look at Sebastian.
Vanilla turned to look at the rest of their band.
“Guys, we found him!”
None of them replied.
Jhansi blinked.
She recognized one of them.
The one without a chained Piggy.
Dr. Chef.
Vanilla turned back to Sebastian.
“Where the fuck have you been?”
Their teeth stared from behind their lips.
They nodded at the Asterlings.
“Who the fuck are these jergers?”
Sebastian glowered.
He ignored the questions.
“Ivory.”
Ivory crossed his arms and shook his head.
“That’s not a very warm welcome for your best friend.”
He looked back at his band and gestured at Sebastian, shaking his head.
“No tearful reunion.”
None of them replied.
Ivory turned back to Sebastian.
“You're making me look bad.”
Sebastian said, “Hi.”
Ivory huffed.
“You really aren’t giving it your all tonight.”
He tutted.
“You’ve changed.”
A look passed across his face and he bristled, gesturing at the Asterlings.
“These fucking jergers do something to you?”
Sebastian sighed.
He replied slowly.
“No, Ivory.”
Velocity stepped forward.
“Sebastian, what in the motherfucking hell is this?”
Sebastian turned.
He gave Velocity a long look, then turned to the other Asterlings, locking eyes with each of them for a quiet moment.
“This–”
He gestured slowly.
“–is my best friend.”
He paused.
“Ivory.”
He paused again.
“We were in the Full Moon together.”
Everyone blinked.
Velocity snarled, “That’s your best friend? In the fucking Bright Veins?”
Oh shit.
Jhansi searched her memory.
That name should mean something to her.
Ivory’s lips pulled back.
“You keep me off your fucking tongue, jerger.”
Velocity flashed him a look of shocking violence.
“Fuck you, kneebrace.”
Ivory’s expression imploded.
He grabbed the exposed hand of his Piggy.
Sebastian reached out.
“Don’t!”
Ivory glared at him.
“The fuck do you care?”
He looked between Sebastian and the rest of the Asterlings.
“Seriously. The fuck is this?”
He squeezed his Piggy’s hand, hard enough to make them yelp.
“Why the fuck are you with them?”
He narrowed his eyes. 
“Did you start with them?”
Sebastian didn’t reply.
Ivory hit his own forehead with the palm of his free hand.
“Pejudo fucking lo anmo, Baz. Are you fucking kidding me?”
He shook his head.
“I get it, we died. I wasn’t fucking happy about it either. But, Lord. C’mon. It happens to everyone.”
He shook his head again.
“Doesn’t mean you have to think of yourself as someone like–”
He gestured at the Asterlings.
“–that.”
Sebastian didn’t reply.
Velocity shoved him.
“Pejudo lo anmo, Sebastian!”
Ivory squeezed his Piggy’s hand again.
“Don’t you fucking touch him, jerger!”
Velocity squeezed the handle of their bat.
“Fucking try to stop me.”
Sebastian shouted, “Enough!”
Both Velocity and Ivory panted through their noses.
Ivory said, “Done taking orders from you, Baz. Explain this. Now.”
Sebastian inhaled.
He looked at the Asterlings.
Binyelum stared back with a soft, searching smile.
Oren stood with his hand in his hair.
Velocity fumed.
Nancy watched Sebastian cooly, her expression detached but her sharp eyes never wavering.
Jhansi blinked.
Sebastian’s expression hardened.
He turned to Ivory.
“We don’t think the same anymore.”
Ivory’s eyes flared.
“Excuse me?”
He ground his teeth together.
“Are you for real?”
He turned to his band.
They all took a reflexive step back.
Ivory said, “Can you fucking believe this dead end dumbass?”
None of Ivory’s band replied.
Ivory turned back to Sebastian.
“What, then? Couldn’t keep up sucking my dick all the time, huh? Had to find someone else to do all the work for you?”
He gestured wildly.
“Fuck you, man! You’re really gonna fucking turn me down? To be a fucking jerger?”
Sebastian glared.
“Don’t say that word.”
Everyone in Ivory’s band took another step back.
Ivory pulled hard on the chain in his hand.
“Ain’t how this works, Baz. You don’t fucking get to tell me–”
He crushed his chained partner’s hand.
His mask pulsed and dimmed.
“–what to do!”
His partner’s exposed mouth distended, erupting into a fibrous tendril capped with a glistening spike of hardened muscle.
The appendage whipped toward Sebastian.
Fuck!
Green light blossomed from Oren’s eyes. Sebastian, Nancy, and Ivory’s Piggy glowed, then disappeared. The heavy collar fell to the ground.
Two guitar cabinets appeared in midair behind Ivory. One appeared in the air behind Oren. Three distorted chords erupted like artillery fire in the reverberant space. Jhansi’s head spun.
Sebastian and Nancy emerged from the cabs behind Ivory, rocketing downward. Sebastian thrust his barbell, catching Ivory hard in the back. They toppled together, Ivory rolling to take the fall on his side. Nancy landed deftly, grabbing Sebastian’s arm and yanking him to his feet.
Ivory’s Piggy tumbled through the air. Velocity shouldered Oren out of the way to catch them. They braced their legs, wrapped the Piggy up in their arms, and rolled them heavily onto the ground. Their head bounced off the asphalt. A spray of red blood gushed from their mouth.
From the impact?
Or from what Ivory’s gift did to their mouth?
Velocity sat hard on the Piggy’s back, holding their arms up and away from their body. The Piggy yelped, kicking their legs. Their exposed hand grasped wildly to get a hold on Velocity.
Velocity barked at Oren.
“Backpack.”
Ivory stood shakily.
Sebastian and Nancy stood with their backs pressed together, watching warily as the rest of Ivory’s band slowly circled.
Binyelum turned to Jhansi.
Their eyes flickered.
They nodded down the channel.
“Spike strip.”
Oh shit.
That would make a huge difference.
Jhansi nodded.
She took off running.
Ivory yelled, “Stop her!”
Dr. Chef took off after Jhansi.
Fucking again with this guy?
Jhansi shouted over her shoulder.
“You want another kiss, fuckface?”
Binyelum stepped forward, blocking Dr. Chef.
Dr. Chef snarled.
They tightened their grip on their knife.
Binyelum gave them a conciliatory smile.
“You know, the night’s really quite long.”
They glanced toward Ivory’s band.
“There’s still time to make another choice.”
Dr. Chef gave Binyelum the finger.
Binyelum shrugged.
They twirled their machete like a baton.
“Do that again and you lose it.”
Dr. Chef sneered, “Your girlfriend’s gonna make such a cute face when she watches you die.”
Binyelum shook their head.
“Trite.”
Dr. Chef added, “Not as cute as the face I’ll make, knowing that moment’s gonna be forever on repeat in the daydreaming.”
Binyelum’s eyebrows rose, their mouth quirking sorrowfully.
“I hope your sister’s alright.”
Dr. Chef’s eyes went wide.
“Fuck you!”
Jhansi knelt and grabbed the crisscrossing accordion of the spike strip. The barbs looked just as sinister as any monstrous body part she’d seen in the netherlume shift. She pulled, the scrape of metal on asphalt awful in her ears.
Ivory leaned against his oar, baleful eyes locked on Sebastian.
“Baz, wake the fuck up. This isn’t you. You’re better than this.”
He shook his head.
“Don’t fucking make me kill you.”
Sebastian shook his head.
“I’m not leaving my friends.”
Ivory shouted, “Jergers are not your friends!”
Sebastian smiled ruefully.
“You fucking asshole. Every single one of the Asterlings is cooler than you.”
Ivory ground his teeth together.
“Know your fucking place, shitstain.”
He looked across at the other autonomous member of his band–a black-haired teenager with a gaunt face, wearing a white denim jacket over a white hoodie–and snapped his fingers.
Man-of-War glowered. They pulled on their Piggy’s leash, dragging them closer, and grabbed their exposed hand. Nancy lunged toward the Piggy, ax arcing high overhead. Sebastian watched her, nearly moved to follow, then started and turned back to face Ivory.
Man-of-War’s mask pulsed and dimmed. Their Piggy’s throat distended. Something forced its way up into their mouth. An eyeball. The Piggy held it between their teeth.
Nancy's ax descended.
The Piggy bit down.
The eyeball ballooned briefly under the pressure, then popped.
Nancy's eyes did the same.
And Velocity’s.
And Binyelum’s.
Every pair of eyes visible to the Piggy burst in a shower of gore.
Nancy screamed.
Her ax continued downward.
Man-of-War shoved their Piggy out of the way.
Nancy's ax caught the chain, ripped it from Man-of-War's grip, and smashed it against the asphalt, bisecting it.
Nancy snarled, swinging her ax wildly up toward Man-of-War.
Sebastian turned.
He shouted, the noise more of a bark than a word.
He lunged for Nancy.
Ivory swung his boat oar in a horizontal arc, the blade on its side, slicing the air.
The blow caught Sebastian squarely on his right side and knocked him to the ground.
Oren looked from Velocity back toward Sebastian and Nancy.
“Fuck!”
He pushed himself to his feet.
“Sebastian!”
Velocity fell forward, landing roughly on the backpack. The contents shattered with a familiar crunch. Velocity slammed the pinned Piggy's hands down onto the asphalt and bit hard on their neck. They squealed, bucking their hips and vainly flailing their limbs.
Velocity growled, “Keep your dirty fucking hands off me.”
Blood and viscera from Velocity’s eyes smeared the back of Piggy’s facemask. 
Binyelum and Dr. Chef charged at each other.
Jhansi balled her fists.
“Binyelum!”
Binyelum swung their machete in a harsh diagonal arc.
Dr. Chef feinted.
They thrust their knife straight beneath Binyelum’s swing.
Wait.
Wait a fucking second.
What?
It happened so quickly.
No.
Not real.
Not real.
Another one of Jhansi's moments.
Bineylum gasped.
Jhansi gasped too.
The scene moved forward.
Oh.
No.
Jhansi screamed.
The sound carried on and on.
Static sundered her interior space.
Her teeth smashed together.
Her body tensed, lurching.
Her feet hammered the asphalt.
Why couldn’t she reach Binyelum?
Why couldn’t she get there any faster?
She had to go faster.
She kept screaming.
Binyelum dropped their machete. They grabbed Dr. Chef’s arm and squeezed, holding the knife firmly in place. They fumbled for Dr. Chef's other arm, found it, and forced it up toward the sky.
Dr. Chef cried, “Fuck–”
Binyelum’s mask pulsed and dimmed.
Dr. Chef's arm exploded. The golden fox head erupted upward, spiraling high above the scene in a glittering spray of blood. It leered downward, tongue lolling between its massive teeth.
Dr. Chef screamed.
Ivory, Man-of-War, and Man-of-War's Piggy turned, each of the cursing.
Binyelum pushed Dr. Chef away and stumbled back, clutching their chest.
Sebastian shoved himself to his feet, reaching for Nancy, knuckles white and fingers wide.
Ivory’s attention snapped back.
“Fuck–”
He stepped forward.
Oren’s chainlock connected with the back of his head.
He fell.
Sebastian grabbed Nancy's hand. His mask pulsed and dimmed. Rays of golden light beamed from the hollow sockets of her eyes. The organs reappeared.
Nancy shot Sebastian a quick look, then turned and swung her ax at Man-of-War.
Velocity still wrestled with the pinned Piggy.
Jhansi caught up with Binyelum.
She shrieked across the scene.
“Sebastian!”
She inhaled.
“Binyelum's gonna die!”
Binyelum gave her a wan smile.
Dr. Chef limped away, calling out to Man-of-War’s Piggy.
“Vega!”
Vega looked toward Dr. Chef, then looked back toward Man-of-War, who barely managed to sidestep Nancy's attack.
Man-of-War had no attention to spare.
Vega swayed indecisively.
Sebastian looked toward Binyelum, then Velocity, then Binyelum again.
He opened his mouth and gestured up toward his dimmed mask.
“I–”
Oren underhanded a memory card across to him.
Sebastian grabbed it out of the air. He stuffed it into his mouth and pelted toward Binyelum in the same motion, his mask luminous once again.
Oren squeezed his chainlock, hesitated, then stepped forward, cutting Ivory off from the rest of his band.
Velocity bit down again on the pinned Piggy.
Sebastian and Dr. Chef rushed past each other.
Ivory pushed himself to his feet.
He glared at Oren.
“You–”
Oren spit at his feet.
“Fuck you, kneebrace.”
Sebastian grabbed Binyelum’s outstretched, wavering hand. His mask pulsed and dimmed. Rays of golden light beamed from Binyelum’s bleeding chest and hollow eye sockets.
Dr. Chef reached toward Vega. Vega took the cue. They grasped Dr. Chef’s remaining hand. Their mask pulsed and dimmed. Dr. Chef’s body began to inflate, starting where their hand met Vega’s. It warped as it expanded, changing texture and color. The inflation spread. Dr. Chef’s body expanded by degrees, transforming into a multicolored balloon animal caricature. The balloon lifted slightly. Vega stabbed it with their awl. In the same moment that it burst, Dr. Chef rematerialized on Vega’s opposite side, holding her other hand, their body fully healed.
They looked around, eyebrows furrowed, then cursed.
Binyelum still held their knife.
Nancy continued hacking away at Man-of-War, heaving her ax in a brutal rhythm, every swing whistling as the weapon bit through the air. Man-of-War struggled to keep up. The percussion of ax against sling blade echoed through the channel as Nancy pushed Man-of-War further and further from the main group.
Ivory swung his boat oar at Oren, who stepped in close, catching the handle against his chainlock. He wrapped one end of the chain around Ivory’s weapon and pulled. Ivory stumbled forward, cursing, but didn’t lose his grip.
Ivory growled, “You think you can get between me and Sebastian?”
Oren grinned.
“A lifelong dream fulfilled.”
Ivory’s lips pulled back.
He pulled his way along the length of his boat oar, closer to Oren. Oren shook his head. He used the tension of his chainlock as a spring and jettisoned the boat oar to the side. This time Ivory let it go. He charged, reaching for Oren, grabbing both his wrists. The sleeves of Oren’s letterman jacket kept Ivory from making direct contact.
Velocity looked up from wrestling the pinned Piggy.
“Guys! I really hope things are going okay!”
Binyelum hurled Dr. Chef’s knife out into the darkness beyond Mambele. They retrieved their machete, flipping it theatrically. A grin spread across their face, not quite reaching their eyes.
“Wait ‘til you see the look on my girlfriend’s face when you die, traitor.”
Dr. Chef’s eyes went wide.
He grabbed Vega’s exposed hand. His mask pulsed and dimmed. A sine wave surged from beneath Vega’s feet, rippling the asphalt.
Binyelum and Sebastian grabbed each other’s hands. Sebastian grabbed Jhansi’s just as the wave crested beneath them. They spun through the air, back down the channel. None of them let go.
They landed heavily on their sides. Jhansi gasped. All the wind left her lungs.
The tide pushed further outward, catching Oren.
He staggered.
Ivory grabbed one of his hands.
“Got you, fucker.”
Ivory’s mask pulsed.
Oren gritted his teeth.
His own mask pulsed.
Both masks flickered, oscillating in brightness and intensity.
Ivory pressed hard.
“Eat your own shit, jerger.”
Oren looked up.
He suddenly looked very old to Jhansi.
Sweat glistened on his forehead.
Bags darkened under his eyes.
Creases pulled at the corners of his mouth.
He locked eyes with Ivory.
“I hope you never have fun.”
Ivory’s eyes flashed.
His mask dimmed.
Wait.
Oren’s mouth contorted into a sharpened, fibrous tendril.
No.
The tendril lashed forward.
It didn’t work like this.
The tendril curled back.
No.
The tendril whipped across Oren’s neck.
No.
Oren’s severed head fell to the asphalt.
No.
Oren’s dead body slumped over.
Static obliterated Jhansi’s interior space.
She screamed.
No sound came out.
She still hadn’t refilled her lungs.
Tears spilled down her face.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Not one of her friends.
Not one of her friends!
Please, please, please, please, please, not one of her friends!
She could save him, right?
The ultrarare specialing.
She could do something.
Like how she had put together that shattered memory card.
She could force reality to do as she willed.
I could do it.
Right?
Right?
Please.
Please!
Not one of my friends!
Not one of my friends!
Everything hurt.
Everything hurt so bad.
My chest hurt.
I still couldn’t breathe.
My eyes hurt.
So many tears.
My hands hurt.
Blood covered the asphalt where I had beaten it.
Where I continued to beat it.
I couldn’t stop.
I stared at Oren’s body.
Change.
Change!
Change!
Jhansi turned to Sebastian.
He could do it!
Sebastian used his barbell to push himself to his feet.
Jhansi struggled to follow.
Ivory licked his lips.
Three pairs of headlights beamed from the south end of the channel.
Ivory cursed.
“Pejudo.”
He scanned the scene.
His band largely had Nancy surrounded now, even as she continued pushing Man-of-War further back.
She paused, turned, and assessed.
Her lips curled into a manic smile.
Her eyes shone.
She bit down on one corner of the bandana tied around her wrist and pulled.
The fabric unfurled.
It dangled from between her teeth like a prey animal.
She grabbed the free end and wrapped it around her mouth, tightening a hasty knot.
She spun the bandana so that it faced forward.
The bottom half of a voracious, heavily stylized human skull leered out against the night.
Nancy's mask.
Something about it made Jhansi's stomach turn sour.
Nancy threw down her ax.
It banged against the asphalt.
She flexed her hand, her fingers bending like claws.
She stalked toward Ivory, reaching out.
Ivory's eyes went wide.
He looked around at the scene, at his band, and the Asterlings, and the swiftly approaching headlights.
He looked at Nancy.
“Fuck this.”
He looked around at his band.
He gestured toward the Nissan 300ZX.
“We're done here.”
He turned and ran toward the car.
Dr. Chef shouted, “Ivory, what the fuck?!”
They gestured at the Piggy still pinned beneath Velocity.
“Eudora!”
Ivory threw himself through the open driver's side door of the Nissan.
He peeked back out.
“We’ll just get another one!”
Dr. Chef's face went red.
“She's my fucking sister!”
Ivory shrugged.
“Try your luck!”
He turned his attention.
“Finn! Vega! Let's go!”
Finn and Vega retreated at once.
Dr. Chef looked around, eyes wide with despair. They watched Eudora struggle against Velocity. They turned and watched Nancy pick up her ax.
They threw back their head and cursed at the sky.
“People just don't love anymore!”
They sprinted back to the Nissan.
The engine revved.
Binyelum pulled Sebastian and Jhansi out of the way as the car sped past, disappearing into the night beyond the channel.
Velocity called, “Guys? What the hell happened?”
Jhansi could finally breathe again.
“Sebastian!”
She pointed at Oren’s corpse.
“Fix him!”
Sebastian looked at her with sorrow-darkened eyes.
“Time’s up.”
No.
Jhansi shook her head.
“Fix him!”
Sebastian stared at her.
Jhansi shook her head again.
“Fix him!”
Sebastian kept on staring.
Jhansi whirled around.
Everyone stared at her.
Fuck.
No.
No no no.
She pulled away from Binyelum.
She crawled along the asphalt.
Bloody handprints trailed behind her.
“Oren!”
She collapsed on top of Oren’s corpse.
Velocity called, “Oh shit.”
They paused.
“Oren’s dead, isn’t he?”
Nobody replied.
Jhansi screamed at Oren’s corpse.
Velocity said, “Fuck.”
It didn’t work like this.
It didn’t work like this.
It didn’t work like this.
Jhansi turned to Binyelum, their form blurred behind a screen of tears.
“I have to change this!”
Binyelum walked over.
Jhansi beat her fists on the corpse’s chest.
“Binyelum!”
Her face hurt so bad.
“Please!”
Binyelum put a hand on her shoulder.
She pleaded again.
“Please!”
Binyelum knelt down beside her.
“It’s going to be okay, Jhansi.”
Jhansi shook her head.
“No!”
Binyelum pulled her into a hug.
“I promise it’s going to be okay.”
Binyelum felt so warm.
Their hands felt so big.
Jhansi wailed.
“No!”
Not okay.
Not now.
Not ever.
“No!”
Her chest heaved.
Her body shook.
She hated it.
She hated how pathetic she looked.
She hated how pathetic she felt.
Binyelum cupped her face in their hands.
“We have to get going, Jhansi.”
They looked over her shoulder.
Jhansi turned to follow their gaze.
The vague silhouette of three vehicles shimmered in her vision.
Jhansi wiped her eyes.
A 1990 Volkswagen Jetta A2, a 1998 Volkswagen Jetta A3, and a 1991 Volkswagen Jetta GL, all a soft white.
Binyelum whispered, “We should grab Oren’s memory card.”
Memory card.
Memory card.
Memory card.
Fuck.
Jhansi lurched forward.
She plunged her hand into the hewn neck of Oren’s corpse.
Binyelum stood.
They walked swiftly through the glaring headlights toward Velocity.
Nancy caught up with Sebastian.
They hugged.
The front driver’s side door of the 1991 Volkswagen popped open.
A moment later all the doors of both other Volkswagens opened in unison, as though choreographed.
Jhansi pushed deeper into Oren’s corpse.
The stuff separated with ease, welcoming her.
Binyelum called over Sebastian and Nancy.
They both took over pinning Eudora while Binyelum helped Velocity to their feet.
Four special ones stepped from both of the fully opened Volkswagens, and one more stepped from the third.
They formed rank, standing two deep in a shallow semicircle in front of their cars. The leftover teenager stood slightly forward in the center of the parabola. Each of them wore a pressed lab coat with a clergy collar and a different pair of sunglasses.
Jhansi’s hand hit against something hard.
She grabbed it and heaved.
The memory card came free with a gush of gore.
Binyelum pulled Velocity into a tight hug.
Eudora stopped struggling under the combined weight of Sebastian and Nancy.
The rear passenger’s side door of the 1991 Volkswagen opened.
Another special one stepped into the channel. Like all the others they wore a lab coat and sunglasses, but unlike the others they wore beneath their lab coat a shimmering black knee-length maxi dress. Sleek blonde hair fell across their shoulders in an even sheet. They walked forward to stand in front of the unpartnered special one. Their soft mouth pulled into the barest smile, their top lip lifting into a cold sneer.
“Pathetic.”
Excuse me?
Did this bitch just insult Jhansi’s friends?
Jhansi bared her teeth.
“What?”
Binyelum put a hand on Velocity’s shoulder, then stepped closer to PhD Prom Queen.
A dark grin spread across their face.
“Is that you, Cherry?”
Jhansi turned toward Binyelum.
PPQ blinked.
They narrowed their eyes.
“You know better than to address me so casually.”
The front line of assembled lab coats bristled.
Fuck.
Would they hurt Binyelum?
Would they try to kill Binyelum?
Static thrummed through Jhansi’s interior space.
Binyelum raised both hands.
“Whoa. No need to be fragile. Just thought you were someone I knew from before.”
PPQ sniffed.
“Lowers have the silliest ideas.”
Lowers?
Fuck this.
Jhansi’s left hand clenched into a fist.
PPQ turned to Jhansi.
“Give me my memory card.”
What?
Jhansi laughed.
“Fuck you.”
She made a face.
“It’s not yours.”
Her chest heaved.
No.
Stupid.
Don’t show weakness.
Her tone hardened.
“It’s my friend’s.”
PPQ blinked slowly.
“You’re a particularly dense one.”
They snapped their fingers.
The special one backing up PPQ took a step forward.
Violence?
Jhansi scrambled to her feet.
Binyelum stepped in front of her.
The front line of assembled lab coats bristled once again.
PPQ’s backup said, “Shove it, lower.”
Cold light flickered off Binyelum’s eyes.
They shook their head.
“You really don’t want to push me right now.”
PPQ’s backup looked at Binyelum’s dimmed mask.
“What? You’re gonna bluff me to death?”
Nancy reached into Eudora’s backpack.
The nearest pair of lab coats turned toward her. The forwardmost wore large, round sunglasses; the other wore aviators. Aviator grabbed Rotary’s wrist. Rotary pointed their free hand at Nancy like a gun.
Nancy froze.
Fuck.
Aviator’s glasses pulsed and dimmed. Rotary’s hand morphed into a massive pincher claw. It yawned, then snapped shut with a reverberating click. Nancy’s head came cleanly off her shoulders.
Jhansi screamed.
Nancy shot her a glance.
Wait.
What?
Nothing had happened.
Nancy sat hunched over the backpack, still frozen in place, her gaze returned to the two nearest lab coats.
Fuck.
Not again.
Fuck.
A void opened in Jhansi’s stomach.
Warmth drained away.
Static strangled her.
Binyelum couldn’t do anything.
Their gift recharged so slowly.
Nancy couldn’t do anything.
They had her pinned.
Sebastian couldn’t do anything.
Not without releasing Eudora.
Velocity couldn’t do anything.
They couldn’t fucking see.
Would Jhansi have to watch more of her friends die?
PPQ’s backup turned an amused eye from Jhansi back to Binyelum.
“As I was saying.”
Binyelum stared down at them.
An expression flickered across their face.
They exhaled.
“Pejudo lo anmo.”
PPQ nodded.
“They begin to understand.”
Binyelum glared at them, lips slowly pulling back.
“Picking on lowers is pretty pathetic.”
They shrugged, smirking.
“Then again, anything to save face after the lowers fucked up your experiment, right?”
Jhansi watched, anchored to the spot, her interior space a living storm.
PPQ’s eyes flashed.
“What your fucking mouth.”
Binyelum’s mouth shifted into a mocking smile.
“I knew it.”
PPQ shoved their backup out of the way. Their backup protested, reaching out, but PPQ ignored the gesture. They grabbed Binyelum’s throat with one hand. With the other they held a scalpel to the soft flesh beneath their chin. Light winked off the blade.
“You’re lucky we don’t take all your fucking memory cards.”
Binyelum chuckled.
“We really are feeling fragile tonight.”
PPQ ground their teeth together. They grabbed Binyelum’s hair and tugged back their head, exposing their throat. Binyelum didn’t even have time to take another breath before the scalpel plunged deep into their neck.
Jhansi screamed.
Binyelum shot her a glance.
Wait.
What?
No.
Not again.
Not fucking again.
Jhansi shook her head.
She couldn’t fucking take this.
Immolated by static.
Swallowed by despair.
Powerless and ashamed.
She couldn’t fucking take this!
She couldn’t do this anymore!
She couldn’t watch any more of her friends die!
She had to do something.
She had to give them something.
What did they want?
Something to replace an experiment?
Jhansi turned to PPQ.
“I don’t have a gift.”
PPQ’s eyes lit up.
Binyelum’s did too, but with a much different expression.
“Jhansi–”
PPQ pressed the scalpel to Binyelum’s neck, silencing them.
“Say that again?”
Fuck.
What had she just done?
Jhansi swallowed.
“I don’t have a gift.”
PPQ narrowed their eyes.
“You’re an alterling?”
Fuck.
No.
Jhansi glared.
“Fuck you. No.”
PPQ didn’t say anything for a long moment.
Silence filled the channel.
Static pounded in Jhansi’s ears, loud enough that everyone else must have heard it.
A smile spread across PPQ’s lips.
“Then what do you mean?”
Jhansi exhaled.
“I don’t have a gift. I don’t have a sword.”
PPQ shook their head.
“That’s not possible.”
Jhansi said nothing.
PPQ said, “Why are you lying?”
Jhansi shook her head.
“I’m not lying.”
PPQ again stayed silent.
For even longer than before.
The weight of everyone’s gaze amplified the static whine blistering her interior space.
At last PPQ said, “Why are you telling me this?”
Jhansi said, “Take part of me.”
Binyelum shouted, “Jhan–”
The scalpel pressed down again.
PPQ’s smile widened.
“Take part of you?”
Jhansi nodded again.
“Instead of Oren’s memory card.”
PPQ blinked.
They turned to their backup.
“Take over for me.”
PPQ’s backup produced a fire poker and stepped in to restrain Binyelum.
PPQ stepped closer to Jhansi.
“What does that mean, take part of you?”
Jhansi held up a finger.
“Take part of my body.”
PPQ blinked.
They laughed.
“You really think the finger of a reject lower is enough to replace a carefully cultivated .357 magnum? Do you have any idea how long we worked on that?”
Jhansi glared, but said nothing.
PPQ shook their head.
“Pathetic.”
Jhansi’s eyes flashed.
“I can give you more.”
PPQ blinked slowly.
“You really are dense, aren’t you?”
They called out to the nearest pair of lab coats, who trained their sights on Jhansi.
Static screamed so loud throughout Jhansi’s interior space that her vision blurred.
PPQ said, “We could just take you with us.”
They shrugged.
“Or kill you.”
Jhansi shook her head.
“No you can’t.”
PPQ raised an eyebrow.
“You’re telling me what I can and cannot do right now?”
Fuck.
Jhansi couldn’t tell PPQ about her status as an ultrarare specialing.
No telling what they would do with that knowledge.
Jhansi’s heart throbbed in her throat.
She shook her head again.
“There’s just something I need to do.”
PPQ’s eyes flash.
An eager smile lit up their face.
Not what Jhansi had expected.
“There’s something you need to do?”
They leaned closer.
“What is it?”
Jhansi shook her head yet again.
“I can’t tell you.”
PPQ’s smile widened.
“Do you believe in yourself?”
What the fuck did that mean?
Jhansi made a face.
“Of course.”
PPQ’s smile burst into a full, glittering grin.
They turned to address the assembled lab coats.
They pitched up their voice.
“Isn’t that precious?”
They gestured dramatically with one arm, placing the back of their other hand against their forehead.
“The powerless reject lower–”
Static battered against Jhansi.
PPQ waggled their fingers.
“–on a secret mission–”
Again, the static.
PPQ clasped their hands together and swooned.
“–that they believe in with their whole heart!”
Fucking again, the static.
Jhansi felt herself quivering.
Tears welled in her sore eyes.
She ground her teeth together.
She opened her mouth, but PPQ cut her off.
“Aww, what’s the matter? Did the dumb little traumadoll get all worked up?”
Jhansi opened her mouth, but again PPQ cut her off.
“Prove to me how much you believe in your mission.”
They gestured.
“Give me your left hand.”
Binyelum shouted, “Jhan–”
PPQ’s backup dug their fire poker into Binyelum’s neck.
Jhansi blinked.
She looked down at her hand.
She looked back at PPQ.
“And you won’t hurt my friends?”
Binyelum quaked
PPQ made a face.
“Wouldn’t be worth my time.”
Jhansi looked around at the Asterlings.
White hot pain blinded her interior space.
She could hardly see the shapes of her friends in the real world.
Oren’s memory card felt warm and heavy in her hand.
She looked down at the decapitated corpse.
Her vision blurred even further.
She would do anything to never have to see that again.
She looked at PPQ.
“Fine.”
Binyelum quaked again.
The other Asterlings shouted briefly, but Jhansi couldn’t parse their words.
She felt numb.
She felt a thousand miles away from her body.
PPQ’s grin stretched across their entire face.
They turned to Binyelum.
Binyelum glared.
PPQ leaned in against Binyelum’s ear.
They whispered something.
Binyelum’s lips curled.
PPQ pulled the golden machete from Binyelum’s grip.
They turned back to Jhansi.
“This should do the trick.”
Jhansi’s focus narrowed.
The rest of the world fell away.
Light slid slowly along the razor edge of Binyelum’s machete.
She heard faint noises in the background, but didn’t have the power to process any of it.
Jhansi grabbed the machete from PPQ.
It felt so much heavier than she had expected.
And Binyelum just swung this thing around left and right?
Unbelievable.
Jhansi looked up.
Somewhere in the far distance, PPQ nodded.
They said something.
It didn’t really matter.
Jhansi knelt on the cool asphalt.
A little too quickly.
She scraped her knees.
The pain didn’t register.
Only the indifferent chill of the highway.
It soothed her.
For some reason.
She placed her left hand on the asphalt.
Oren’s face swam before her vision.
Tears began pouring down her cheeks.
Oren smiled.
He told her that he would look out for her.
He told her that she didn’t need to try so hard.
He told her that he just wanted her to be healthy.
He told her he didn’t feel like he had any worth at all.
He told her to just have fun.
Jhansi felt the grimace etched onto her face.
She looked up.
Nancy.
Sebastian.
Velocity.
Binyelum.
She raised the machete high into the air.
Someone called her name from very far away.
She brought the machete down against the asphalt.
Everything around her erupted.
She didn’t understand any of it.
Why?
She hadn’t even felt anything.
Had it even worked?
She held up her arm.
Blood poured from the open wound.
Oh.
Fuck.
People just don’t love anymore.
What had she done?
Jhansi’s vision darkened.
She fell forward, slumping onto the asphalt.
Would she die like this?
No.
She couldn’t.
Not like this.
She had to save the world.
