Jhansi Aur - Encounter IV
[???? MINUTES REMAINING]
Lunar Terminator @ ?.??% Luminosity

A thundering two-story monstrosity bore down on the food court, its massive body indiscriminately smashing apart kiosks and crossways.
Clouds of debris and shrapnel swelled in its wake.
Oh.
Fuck.
The alterling stood atop eight long legs, easily cresting the third floor of the food court. The monster had no other limbs. Its horseshoe-shaped body had the structure and topography of a rocky island, covered in soft moss. A thin membrane of brilliant blue water hovered suspended in the middle of the horseshoe. It sloshed with each heavy footfall, the shape of it curving and distending, but never spilling. Large jellyfish bounced and swayed in the water, their trailing tentacles dancing with the alterling’s gait. Intermittent bursts of energy arced between several large metallic pylons that jutted at odd angles from the monster’s body. Something like a spiraling airlock glared from the center of the body’s curve. Inert pistons protruded upward and downward from the space behind the airlock.
What the fuck.
Binyelum said, “Nope.”
They turned to the Asterlings.
Everyone took off running.
Nancy yanked Jhansi to her feet and pelted away in almost the same breath.
Dr. Chef and Sir Whack-a-knight followed.
Jhansi clutched her canvas bag against her chest and ran with all her might.
Holy fuck.
What the fuck?!
Corpses lined her vision.
One loomed directly in front of her.
A supine blue endling with its chest cavity completely annihilated.
Jhansi stumbled in.
Her foot smashed through gore and crunched against the monster’s spine.
Jhansi stumbled out.
Binyelum called, “Fuck! The goo!”
They pulled to the left.
Everyone ran to follow.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck!
Everyone could run so much faster than her!
Even Sebastian!
The alterling closed in on the food court.
Jhansi passed out from beneath the glass shelves.
The alterling smashed into the food court.
The glass held.
But.
The supports didn’t.
Fuck.
Concrete buckled.
Fuck!
The shelves collapsed.
Oh fuck!
Each blasted against the other.
Shit!
The corpses within liquified.
Fuck!
A roiling rush of air shoved Jhansi forward.
Oh fuck!
The sound hurt.
Fuck!
Jhansi’s ears popped.
Shit!
The anchors for the first floor glass shelf groaned.
Oh fuck no.
The alterling clambered up and over the wreckage.
Fuck!
The hanging spiral sculptures shattered.
Oh fuck.
The debris smashed down and tumbled rolling off the stacked shelves.
Fuck!
Run!
Motherfucker!
Jhansi’s heart felt close to bursting.
Fuck!
Something in the structure of the building snapped.
No.
The alterling pounded forward.
The first floor glass shelf separated from the building.
All three shelves slipped from view.
Holy motherfucking shit.
Binyelum laughed.
Of course they did.
The sound of the glass hitting the river shook Jhansi’s bowels.
A hollow moan detonation reverberated across the water.
The water warped, heaved, and erupted upward.
Tendrils of it reached up into the hollow of the mall.
They glittered in the nebulite.
What the fuck?!
Jhansi shouted, “What the fuck?!”
Binyelum yelled, “Fucking run!”
The alterling lurched and bucked.
The water membrane stretched and distended.
Jellyfish tentacles grasped toward Jhansi.
Fuck!
Jhansi’s legs practically combusted.
Oren looked back at her, briefly.
She pleaded with her eyes.
Fuck!
She couldn’t get any help!
Fuck!
They all ran.
Jhansi did her best to keep up.
Kiosks and crossways loomed from the cloak.
Kiosks and crossways exploded behind them.
Don’t picture it.
Don’t picture it.
Don’t picture it.
Just run.
Follow everyone’s feet.
Push.
Push.
Push.
And.
See?
There it is.
That bigass spiraling stairway near the entrance.
Right there.
Don’t look back.
And don’t picture it.
Nancy pulled ahead of Binyelum.
She smashed through the doorway to the vestibule.
She smashed through the doorway to the outside.
Binyelum.
Oren.
Velocity.
Sebastian.
Dr. Chef.
Sir Whack-a-knight.
Jhansi.
Fuck!
The cold air whipped against her face.
Dr. Chef and Sir Whack-a-knight turned away from the Asterlings.
Their silhouettes disappeared into the eastern parking garage.
What?
Stupid.
The facade of the mall exploded behind Jhansi.
Dark stone, marble, and massive manufactured letters smashed down onto the cement.
A soft shadow widened on the ground in front of Jhansi.
The letter G smashed down and bounced.
Jhansi wet herself again.
Fuck!
Fuck!
Another two steps.
That thing would have crushed Jhansi’s body apart.
She felt her top half writhing as she gasped pointlessly for salvation.
She felt the obliterating terror of perceiving the gore and recognizing it as her own.
She couldn’t feel her legs lying limp on the other side of the monolithic letter.
Fuck.
A ringing whine swept the parking lot.
What the fuck?
Jhansi looked back.
The alterling turned toward the parking garage.
It smashed its body into the cement structure.
Shattering debris rained.
The monster bucked its head.
The water membrane sloshed across the bottom two levels of the structure.
A shrill scream cut through.
Fuck!
The alterling dismounted from the parking garage.
Sir Whack-a-knight writhed in the grip of a jellyfish.
They screamed again.
Double fuck.
Sir Whack-a-knight pulled against the tentacles gripping their limbs.
The tentacles pulled back.
Sir Whack-a-knight’s body went taut, all four limbs stretched wide, body splayed open and defenseless.
Oh shit.
Fuck.
The dark shape said, {“Which one are you?”}
Jhansi said, {“Oh fuck off!”}
Another tentacle wrapped around Sir Whack-a-knight’s neck.
Then squeezed.
Sir Whack-a-knight screamed louder.
Jhansi ached.
Sir Whack-a-knight bucked their hips.
Their desperate flailing availed nothing.
The tentacle squeezed harder.
Fuck!
Wait!
Hang on!
Fuck!
Sir Whack-a-knight’s screaming pitched up an octave.
Their neck burst in a splatter of red blood.
A killchime sounded.
No!
Sir Whack-a-knight's body went limp.
No!
They stopped screaming.
Fuck, no!
A piercing headiness jolted Jhansi’s entire body.
What?!
What the fuck does that feeling mean?!
Fuck!
The dark shape laughed.
The jellyfish held the corpse loosely by one wrist.
The dark silhouette dangled and swayed as the jellyfish drifted toward the airlock in the center of the alterling’s body
The airlock snapped open.
The jellyfish stuffed Sir Whack-a-knight’s corpse into the orifice.
The body's arms and legs bent at awkward angles against the opening.
The jellyfish snapped the uncooperative pieces until everything fit.
Red blood smeared all its tentacles.
The airlock snapped closed.
The pistons above and below the alterling's body began to churn.
Holy fuck.
Holy fuck.
Holy what they fuck?!
The dark shape laughed again.
Another high-pitched whine rang out.
The alterling turned.
Toward the Asterlings.
It began to gallop across the parking lot.
Oh.
Fuck.
Snot filled Jhansi’s nose.
Had she started crying?
What?!
No!
Stupid!
Shut the fuck up with that right the fuck now!
Shut the fuck up with that!
Right!
Now!
Static detonated around the perimeter of Jhansi’s interior space.
Fuck!
Not now!
Fuck!
Jhansi looked back.
She couldn’t stop herself.
The alterling flashed a kaleidoscopic grid of discordant colors.
The airlock snapped open.
A new jellyfish drifted out into the bucking curves of the water membrane.
What?!
The?!
Fuck?!
Velocity called, “The Island of Dr. Oh No.”
Sebastian shouted, “What the fuck?!”
Jhansi choked on a laugh that stumbled into a sob.
Fuck.
Bastard.
Fuck!
Jhansi’s canvas bag banged against her back.
Fuck!
She swung her arms harder.
The edge of the parking lot loomed.
Binyelum pulled ahead of Nancy and disappeared over the lip of the drainage ditch.
Keep going.
So close.
So close!
The Asterlings spilled down the incline.
Velocity skidded into Mambele.
Fuck.
Mambele!
Binyelum threw wide the driver’s side door.
The Asterlings spilled into the sedan.
Jhansi stumbled over herself.
And across the threshold.
Like crossing into a sanctuary.
Her cheek bashed against Sebastian's barbell.
Shit!
Binyelum closed the driver's side door and reached for the shifter.
A grid of nine metallic rods extruded from the center console, each glowing a slightly different shade of purple, each fixed with a small handle at the tip.
Bineylum pulled the clutch trigger, slammed the top six rods fully into their housing, and stepped on the accelerator.
Mambele roared into reverse. Her tires chewed through the mud. Everyone tilted forward. The sedan mounted the incline and bounced onto the road.
Binyelum spun the steering wheel.
Mambele whipped around.
Each of her windows captured in snapshot the growing silhouette of the IDON.
Fuck!
Jhansi’s forehead banged against Sebastian's barbell.
Shit!
Bineylum pulled the clutch trigger, reconfigured the rods, and sent Mambele screeching forward.
Jhansi tried to stifle a sob.
Fuck!
Shut the fuck up!
The static had nearly dissipated.
It burst alive.
Binyelum checked the driver's side mirror.
The IDON closed in on the edge of the parking lot.
Binyelum laughed.
“Holy shit!”
They glanced over their shoulder.
“Pejudo lo anmo!”
Jhansi realized she sat in Sebastian’s lap.
What?
Fuck!
He didn't seem to have noticed.
He stared out the rearview window.
Everyone but Binyelum did.
Fair.
The IDON smashed onto the asphalt and began to pick up speed.
Oh.
No.
Shit.
Velocity said, “Sonofabitch.”
The intermittent trees lining the roadway exploded beneath the IDON’s churning legs.
Velocity said, “We’re gonna fucking die.”
Fuck.
Jhansi’s chest tightened.
Oren said, “Bineylum.”
He paused, then shook his head and gestured.
“What the fuck?”
Binyelum laughed again.
“I have no fucking idea.”
They looked in the rearview mirror.
The IDON ran with its head held low. It heaved the bulk of its body back and forth, violently sloshing the water membrane across the roadway. Jellyfish tentacles dragged against the asphalt.
Holy fucking shit.
Velocity said, “Like a jelly beard.”
What?!
Jhansi blinked at them.
Sebastian despaired, “It’s so fucking fast.”
Binyelum glanced around at everyone.
“Hey.”
They snapped for everyone’s attention.
“Don’t panic.”
They nodded.
“Think with me.”
They held up one finger.
“We can’t outrun it.”
They held up a second finger.
“We can’t fight it head on.”
They held open their palm.
“What can we do?”
Fuck.
Oh.
Fuck.
Oh.
Jhansi said, “What about your gift?”
Bineylum shook their head.
“Not a chance. No fucking telling what other bullshit that thing can do.”
They snorted.
“I don’t wanna give our new friend the chance to show off their hidden talents–”
They gestured at their chest.
“–and steal the show.”
Ugh.
Another laugh that turned into a sob.
Fuck!
Long spears of static pierced through Jhansi from every direction.
Sebastian looked at Jhansi.
Double fuck!
His unfocused eyes stared through her at something a thousand miles away.
Fair.
Oren said, “We’re smaller than it.”
He gestured.
“We can fit places that it can’t.”
Binyelum snapped again.
“That’s good.”
They held up a finger.
“But where? It’s got sonar to find us, and that water membrane can fill some pretty deep crevices.”
Velocity giggled.
“Me too.”
What?!
Binyelum raised their eyebrows.
Double what?!
Jhansi looked over her shoulder.
The IDON kept accelerating.
Fuck!
Its churning legs punctured the asphalt, each impact showering the road with debris, as the alterling pulled itself further out from the cloak.
Shit!
Velocity said, “It didn’t climb the parking structure. It just smashed into it.”
They paused.
“If we can get up high enough …”
They paused again.
“Maybe in a building?”
They paused once more.
“A building it can’t just fucking knock over.”
They paused yet again.
“Like a downtown office tower.”
They let the thought speak for itself.
Binyelum nodded slowly.
“That’s good, but not ideal. I don’t think we’d be able to get high enough, fast enough. We need to be able to drive Mambele straight into safety.”
They paused.
“And I’m not convinced that every office tower is safe from that thing.”
They fell silent.
Nobody had any other ideas.
Jhansi looked around.
Oh.
Fuck.
Oh fuck.
Fuck!
Think, Jhansi.
Fucking think.
Or the Asterlings die.
Fix it.
Fix.
It.
Jhansi knew the city so well.
Landmarks and granular details alike.
Where could they go?
Where the fuck could they go?
Come on!
Come the fuck on?!
Ultrarare otherling.
Jhansi couldn’t do it.
She couldn’t fucking picture the city she knew during the day.
At all.
Fuck.
Why?
Fuck!
It looked the exact same as this place!
Didn’t it?
What did she remember about the netherlume shift?
Jhansi conjured the wide rectangle of the 7-11 parking lot. She traced in her mind the drive to The Rescue, and then to the Washington Center. She thought about the view from the tower. The cloak had annihilated everything familiar. She remembered imagining the ambient shape of the highways after Sebastian’s comment, but that didn’t help. Then back down. Back into Mambele. Dr. Satelleyez mentioned the bridge during their drive to–
The bridge.
Jhansi shouted, “The bridge!”
Binyelum perked up.
“What?”
Jhansi leaned forward.
“The bridge is up!”
She pointed at the radio.
“Dr. Satelleyez said.”
Binyelum blinked.
They glanced at her.
“Holy fuck.”
They squeezed the steering wheel.
“Good girl.”
Fuck!
What?!
Jhansi blushed.
Velocity said, “And that helps?”
They gestured.
“How? Drowning is an easier death?”
Jhansi snorted.
“I honestly have no fucking idea.”
Binyelum nodded.
“This will work.”
They looked toward Nancy.
“Killer, you’re gonna get hurt.”
Nancy blinked impassively.
She gave Binyelum a thumb’s up.
Binyelum added, “Twice.”
Nancy raised her other thumb.
Binyelum smiled, then broke into a soft laugh.
They said, “Thanks.”
Nancy blinked impassively.
Binyelum looked in the rearview mirror.
“Sebastian.”
Sebastian stared opaquely out the rearview window.
He said nothing.
Binyelum repeated, “Sebastian!”
Sebastian started. He turned around. It took a moment for his eyes to focus on Binyelum.
He shook his head.
“Shit, yeah.”
He shook his head harder.
“Sorry. What?”
Binyelum’s eyes hardened.
“We need you here, Sebastian.”
Sebastian nodded.
“Yeah, I know. Sorry. I’m here.”
Binyelum shook their head.
They spoke gently.
“We need you all the way here. Halfway isn’t enough. We need you here.”
They gestured around the cabin.
“All of us. Can you be here for all of us?”
Sebastian blinked.
He looked around, to each of the Asterlings in turn.
At last his eyes landed on Jhansi.
He blinked again, as though finally realizing that she had ended up in his lap.
He looked back at Binyelum.
“Yeah. Yes. Yeah. I’m here.”
He nodded.
“I’m here. What do you need?”
Binyelum nodded.
“Good. I knew we could count on you.”
They paused.
“We’re going to get away from that thing, but Nancy’s going to get hurt in the process. Not gently. She’s going to need you to share your gift the moment we’re safe. Do you understand?”
Sebastian blinked.
He looked at Nancy.
She stared back at him.
Sebastian said, “The moment?”
Binyelum nodded again.
“You’ll know it.”
Sebastian and Nancy continued to stare at each other.
Sebastian said, “Okay.”
He turned to Binyelum.
“Yeah. I can do that.”
Binyelum reached back to slap Sebastian’s knee.
“Yeah you fucking can.”
They glanced at Jhansi in the rearview mirror.
“Okay, Jhansi.”
Fuck.
Jhansi nodded.
“Yes!”
Binyelum chuckled.
“I’m not back up to my baseline, and I’m gonna need both shares for this. Now’s your chance to shine.”
They grinned.
Sharp canines flashed.
“Feed me.”
What?!
Jhansi blinked.
Heat rose in her cheeks.
Just like that?!
Jhansi stared at the expectant mouth.
Bineyelum stuck out their tongue.
Fuck!
Binyelum laughed.
“C’mon.”
Fuck!
What?!
With everyone watching?!
Fuck!
Jhansi pulled away.
Binyelum snapped their fingers.
“Nope.”
Fuck!
Jhansi refocused on Binyelum.
“Fuck.”
She blinked again.
“Sorry.”
She paused.
“What?”
Binyelum glared.
“I need a memory card.”
Right.
Fuck.
Right!
Jhansi opened her canvas bag.
Oh.
Fuck.
Oh no.
Jhansi blinked.
“Uh.”
Fuck.
The smashed remains of the two memory cards jangled against each other at the bottom of the bag.
Fuck!
Of course that would happen!
Fuck!
Well.
Maybe it would still work?
It had to, right?
Jhansi grabbed a larger shard from inside the bag and placed it in Bineylum’s palm.
Binyelum’s fingers closed.
They felt along the irregular edges of the shard.
They paused.
Fuck.
Binyelum said, “Jhansi, what is this?”
Fuck.
Static threatened.
Jhansi said, “It’s a piece of a memory card.”
She added an upward lilt to the end of the sentence and immediately cringed at the obvious desperation.
Binyelum exhaled.
“Jhansi, why am I holding a piece of a memory card?”
Fuck.
Jhansi waved her hands.
“I don’t know!”
She waved some more.
“My bag just got all fucked up! Sir Whack-a-knight’s hammer–”
Velocity whooped.
“Sir Whack-a-knight! I love it! I called them the Nutcracker.”
What?
Jhansi blinked at Velocity.
She finished her thought.
“–almost smashed into my face, but it ricocheted off my fire extinguisher.”
She pleaded with her eyes at Binyelum.
“Maybe they broke then?”
Binyelum exhaled slowly.
Sebastian shouted, “See? I fucking told you!”
Holy fuck!
What?!
Jhansi whipped around.
Sebastian looked around at everyone.
“She’s fucking trying to sabotage us!”
What?!
The?!
Fuck?!
Right now?!
Static exploded through Jhansi’s interior space.
Velocity said, “You fucking dumbass.”
They slapped the back of Sebastian’s head.
“The hell kind of sabotage is this? She’s gonna die too.”
Holy shit.
A whole defense.
Jhansi blinked at Velocity.
Binyelum said, “Quiet.”
Sebastian opened his mouth.
Velocity glared.
Sebastian closed his mouth.
Velocity said, “Thanks for coming to the party.”
Sebastian made a face.
Binyelum poked Jhansi with the shard.
“This isn’t how it works. I need to consume the whole thing.”
Fuck.
Pulverized streetlights smashed against the road behind them.
Fuck!
Jhansi examined the mess in her canvas bag.
Memory card shards of all sizes glittered in a heap.
Jhansi jostled the bag.
The fragments separated, but Jhansi’s brain only homogenized the shapes.
She had no fucking idea which pieces might fit together.
Fucking!
Fuck!
Static pulsed through Jhansi’s interior space.
Her hands shook.
“Uh.”
She looked at Binyelum.
“What if I give you enough pieces so that–”
Binyelum interrupted, speaking slowly.
“The whole thing, Jhansi.”
They traced a circle in midair.
“Whole. Complete. You can’t mix and match.”
Fuck!
Shit!
Jhansi peered again into her canvas bag.
Fucking trash.
A pillar of static fell crushing upon her.
Her breath came in short puffs.
“Wait!”
She looked at Binyelum.
“Just take it all!”
Binyelum paused.
They sighed.
Then grumbled.
“No.”
Jhansi furrowed her brows.
“But–”
Binyelum interrupted.
“I get giftsick.”
They sighed.
“Easily.”
They paused.
“Very easily.”
What?
Jhansi blinked.
Binyelum?
She had no idea what to say.
Velocity and Sebastian both looked at Binyelum, eyebrows raised almost identically. Oren looked between Velocity and Sebastian, his mouth flat and eyes searching. Nancy leaned against the door, her gaze flicking casually across everyone.
Jhansi said, “I’m sorry?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“You’re always sorry.”
Hey!
Binyelum looked Jhansi straight in the eyes.
Oh fuck.
Jhansi blushed.
Binyelum said, “No second guesses, and no regrets. Just focus. We all need you to focus.”
Jhansi swallowed.
She nodded.
Biyelum said, “We all need you to put together an entire memory card by the time we reach the bridge.”
Jhansi nodded again.
Binyelum said, “If you don’t, we’re going to die.”
Fuck.
Jhansi stared at the white hot light burning behind Binyelum’s gaze.
She nodded a final time.
Binyelum said, “Good girl.”
Fuck!
Jhansi blushed.
She grabbed the shard from Binyelum’s palm and turned all her attention to her canvas bag.
It filled her world.
Okay.
Fuck.
Static thundered through Jhansi’s interior space.
She had done this.
She had made this mess.
She had to fix this.
Jhansi took the shard from Binyelum.
She plunged a shaking hand into the canvas bag and seized the first shard she touched.
She held both shards against each other.
They looked like nothing more than abstract shapes.
Fuck!
Shit!
Fuck!
How in the goddamned hell could she possibly reassemble an entire fucking memory card?
Binyelum said, “How far are we from the bridge?”
Jhansi looked up compulsively.
She searched outside the windows for any identifiable landmarks.
Barely visible suggestions of buildings rushed past beyond the reach of Mambele’s headlights.
Bineylum said, “Not you, princess. No distractions.”
Shit.
Jhansi blinked.
She returned to her task.
Both shards winked at her.
Distracting.
Velocity said, “I think we just passed 77th?”
Should Jhansi put one of the shards back before digging out another?
That didn’t make sense.
Binyelum said, “Traffic sign said 71st.”
Should Jhansi sort all the pieces based on size?
That kind of thing helped with jigsaw puzzles, right?
Sebastian said, “I saw 17th, but we’re definitely not that close to the bay.”
Ugh.
Fuck.
Jhansi!
Just make a choice!
Jhansi reached into the canvas bag.
Oren shouted, “Duet!”
He leaned forward and pointed through the windshield.
Jhansi looked up.
Something like an armored truck loomed from the cloak in front of them. The tall, featureless bed and angled front end glowed with diffuse chrome radiance. The wide windshield reflected Mambele’s beaming headlights.
What the fuck?
Binyelum yelled, “Shit!”
They floored the accelerator, pulled the handbrake, and spun the steering wheel hard to the left. Jhansi’s body lurched forward.
Mambele’s rear lifted.
The sedan screeched through a tight hemisphere in the middle of the road.
Fuck.
The canvas bag shifted in Jhansi’s lap.
Fuck!
The weight of the fire extinguisher held it down.
Holy fuck.
Fuck.
Mambele slowed.
Binyelum released the handbrake, shifted the car back into a lower gear, and stepped on the accelerator.
Mambele’s tires bit at the asphalt.
Binyelum manipulated the grid of rods.
Mambele navigated upward through the gears.
The sedan accelerated back the way they’d come.
Straight toward the charging alterling.
What?!
Fuck!
Sebastian shouted, “Binyelum what the fuck!”
Velocity shouted, “We’re gonna fucking die!”
Oren shouted, “Duet!”
Mambele and the IDON converged on a narrow intersection.
Binyelum grinned.
Their knuckles went white on the steering wheel.
They leaned forward, lifted their ass off the seat, and put their entire weight on the accelerator.
The line of their teeth glittered across the dashboard.
Fuck.
Binyelum growled, “We’re gonna make it.”
They kept one foot on the accelerator but shifted their weight onto the brake, and spun the steering wheel hard to the left, this time ignoring the handbrake.
Shit.
Jhansi lurched again.
She clung to her canvas bag.
Mambele’s tires wailed.
The IDON towered.
It dug all six legs into the asphalt, reared back, and pistoned its body forward.
Traffic lights splintered and pinwheeled through the air.
The water membrane surged in a roiling wave.
It washed over Mambele.
Jellyfish tentacles pounded at the glass. The windshield shattered. Each of the side windows followed. Grasping appendages plunged into the cabin. A rubbery vice seized Binyelum's head and squeezed it into pulp before they could make a sound.
Jhansi's heart pounded.
What?
Fuck!
Goddammit!
That didn't happen!
Bineylum shifted all their weight back onto the accelerator.
Mambele’s bells thrummed.
Her tires practically came alive.
The sedan swerved through the intersection.
The IDON’s water membrane sloshed against the passenger’s side door and the trunk.
Jellyfish tentacles slapped against metal and glass.
Mambele pulled away.
The IDON crashed backward with the force of its thwarted momentum.
Fuck!
That strange armored truck skidded straight into the IDON’s water membrane.
Double fuck!
Binyelum screamed, “Fuck!”
They laughed.
They pounded the steering wheel.
“Yes!”
They shifted into a higher gear.
Jhansi stared out the rear windshield.
The IDON stumbled over itself.
The forward points of its horseshoe body smashed into the roadway.
Gouged out chunks of asphalt swelled into uneven piles.
The alterling pushed itself back up.
It turned toward Mambele.
Its water membrane sloshed awkwardly.
Jellyfish pounded at the armored truck. The rear doors gave way. Blue endlings scrambled from the exposed bed. They skittered in their panic and confusion. A vanguard jellyfish seized an endling around the neck and lifted it into the air. Another endling grabbed both dangling legs and pulled.
Wow.
Really?
The IDON resumed its pursuit.
It began to pick up speed.
Fuck.
Jhansi squeezed Binyelum's headrest.
“What the fuck was that truck?”
Binyelum nodded.
“Endling transport.”
Fucking figured.
Jhansi said, “Why the fuck is that thing still chasing us then? There had to be a dozen endlings in that transport.”
Binyelum smiled.
“We taste better.”
Ugh.
That also fucking figured.
A sprawling intersection opened up at the end of the block. The St. Alëmskaan’machi Rail System, StARS, bisected the wide avenue. An orange nebuilte illuminated the concrete bunker stop that framed the rails. Radiance washed through the jostling cabin. Binyelum pulled left on the steering wheel, delicately preserved the sedan's acceleration, then leaned hard on the accelerator. Engine bells resonated. Mambele sped toward downtown and the bay on the wrong side of the road.
Binyelum said, “Head down, princess. Focus.”
Fuck.
Shit.
Right.
Jhansi returned to her task.
The corner of the building northeast of the intersection exploded.
Jhansi turned.
The forward points of the IDON’s horseshoe body tore through the structure.
A brick battered Mambele’s trunk.
A sonar whine echoed down the roadway.
The IDON lurched straight toward Mambele.
It smashed through the stop.
Concrete and glass exploded.
Fuck.
Binyelum said, “Which StARS station was that?”
Jhansi said, “I think that was actually 77th?”
Twenty-two blocks to the bridge.
Binyelum shook their head.
“Head down, princess.”
Shit.
Fuck.
Jhansi returned to her task.
She pulled another shard from her canvas bag.
And another.
And another.
Shrapnel filled her shaking hands.
She squeezed the pieces reflexively.
Their sharp edges dug into her skin.
She still had no fucking idea what to do about them.
But.
Jhansi had to figure this out.
She had to.
No one could save her.
If she didn’t do this, for real, all her friends would die.
She would die.
A pathetic failure beyond redemption.
Static lanced through Jhansi from every direction.
Her throat tightened.
Water welled in her eyes.
Fuck!
No!
Not now!
Not!
Now!
Jhansi’s vision doubled.
How much time did she have?
She needed some kind of framework.
Anything.
Jhansi turned.
The IDON loomed.
It looked so …
Eerie.
All that calamity, and the thing itself didn’t make any noise.
Silent pursuer.
A hard exterior shell protected the alterling’s legs. The armor distended and contracted rhythmically to accept and support all that incredible weight. Each leg tightened, swelled, and pistoned the monster forward in a deliberate and blistering choreography.
The corpse of the captured endling dangled in the grip of a jellyfish. The predator squeezed and twisted. The head separated from the body. Orange blood and stuff bubbled from the gore to splatter on the ground. The jellyfish pulled and pulled. More limbs separated.
The airlock snapped open and the jellyfish fed the dismembered corpse inside.
The airlock snapped shut.
Orange blood smeared the orifice.
The dark shape said, {“You gonna join or what?”}
Blood pounded in Jhansi’s ears.
Mambele rushed past the StARS stop on 66th.
Eleven blocks to the bridge.
Oren shouted, “Duet!”
Binyelum interrupted.
“Don’t despair.”
The stop exploded behind them.
Only ten blocks to the bridge.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck!
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck!
Sebastian shouted, “Jhansi’s not ready!”
Goddamned motherfuck.
Jhansi shook her head.
Velocity shouted, “We’re gonna fucking die!”
They probably meant to make it sound like a joke.
Jhansi shook her head again.
Binyelum said, “Jhansi’s got it.”
Fucking did she though?
Jhansi shook her head yet again.
Everyone shifted.
Jhansi looked up.
Nancy leaned forward.
She looked Jhansi straight in the eyes.
And nodded.
With a perfectly impassive expression.
Jhansi blinked.
She nodded back.
She glanced around.
Everyone looked from Nancy to Jhansi.
What did the nod mean?
Fuck.
Fuck it.
Fucking fuck it!
They believed in her, but she just couldn’t do it.
She couldn’t do it!
How could she possibly fucking do this?
With everyone watching?
Dumbass retard loser.
Jhansi couldn’t let them see her like that.
She squeezed her eyes shut.
Writhing tentacles shattered Mambele’s windows.
Fuck!
Fuck!
No!
Jhansi shook her head.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Something had to change.
Something had to change.
Something had to change.
The ultrarare specialing could not let her friends die.
No fucking way.
No.
No way.
That won’t happen.
I won’t let it.
Jhansi’s world narrowed to a pinpoint.
The diamond shards in her possession glittered hungry.
Jhansi could see all of them.
They hung suspended in an organized matrix.
Jhansi could see nothing else.
Two of the shards in her grasp belonged together.
The largest piece comprised the bottom right portion of a memory card.
The smaller piece comprised the top left.
Narrow empty space separated the two pieces.
A smaller piece would fit into place as the top right corner.
And.
Two small triangular pieces and a longer quadrilateral piece would fill the void and form the rest of the memory card.
Jhansi could see all the shards she needed.
Holy shit.
Holy fucking shit.
What?!
She could do it.
She had no room for error.
But.
She could do it.
Time widened.
She planned each glacial movement.
Perfectly.
She dropped the extraneous pieces from her hand.
And.
With the other reached into the canvas bag.
Sebastian shouted, “Jhansi!”
Fuck!
Binyelum shouted, “Sebastian!”
Fuck!
Jhansi pushed forward.
She delicately grabbed one shard between her index and middle fingers and flipped it down into her palm, where she held it with her thumb.
Sebastian shouted, “It’s right behind us!”
Fuck!
Binyelum shouted, “Do you believe in your friends?”
What?!
Jhansi adjusted her hand.
She repeated the motion from before and grabbed another shard.
Sebastian shouted, “Are you fucking insane?!”
Fuck!
Binyelum just laughed.
For fuck’s sake!
Jhansi felt her weight shifting.
Oh shit!
Sebastian grabbed onto her waist.
What?!
Mambele drifted around the corner onto 55th.
Motherfucker!
The shards jostled at the bottom of the bag.
Jhansi’s gaze didn’t falter.
It couldn’t.
The roof of the bodega on the corner exploded.
Shrapnel battered Mambele.
The IDON pursued.
Engine bells resonated.
Heading toward the bridge.
No time left.
Jhansi grabbed the final shard and flipped it into her palm.
She looked up.
“Binyelum!”
Binyelum reached back without a word.
Jhansi handed over the five shards of the memory card.
Binyelum stuffed the shards into their mouth.
Their jaw pistoned.
Crunch.
Chunch.
But they didn’t swallow.
Twin steel towers rose on either side of the roadway.
The Ironsight Crossing Bridge.
Golden nebulite luminescence threw wild shadows up both structures.
Binyelum lowered both windows.
The bridge’s elevated span loomed monolithic in space.
The dark expanse of the river stretched beneath it.
A glowing beacon rushed forward.
The crossing gate.
The IDON closed in.
Jhansi felt someone grab her hand.
She squeezed as hard as she could.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Holy motherfuck.
Jhansi’s heart pounded.
Binyelum lifted themselves out of their seat.
They slammed their foot down on the accelerator, pulled the handbrake, and turned the steering wheel hard to the left.
Mambele’s tires howled in delight.
The crossing gate filled Jhansi’s vision.
Mambele’s weight shifted.
The driver’s side wheels left the asphalt.
The river swelled.
Nancy leaned out the window.
Binyelum grabbed the back of her neck.
Their fox ear headband pulsed and dimmed.
Nancy’s right arm exploded.
The golden fox head erupted forth.
Red blood sprayed across Mambele’s exterior.
The fox grinned.
And licked its lips.
And smashed its face into the roadway.
Its features deformed like putty.
It stiffened.
Then violently elongated.
The force pushed Nancy out of her seat and smashed her up against the ceiling of the cabin.
Her mouth cracked wide with pain.
Red blood burst forth.
Mambele lifted free of the roadway.
The sedan tilted as it soared through the air.
Jhansi’s breath caught in her throat.
She squeezed hard on whoever’s hand she held.
Memory card shards spilled from the canvas bag.
They shimmered in midair.
The body of the IDON passed beneath them.
Close enough to touch outside the window.
Binyelum’s bright eyes filled the rearview mirror.
Breathtaking and maniacal.
Jhansi felt hot.
All over.
She screamed.
“Binyelum!”
Electricity shook her world.
Mambele cleared the alterling’s body and careened down toward the roadway.
Binyelum swallowed the memory card they held in their mouth.
Their fox ear headband blinked back to vibrancy.
They pulled Nancy across their lap.
She reached her left arm out the driver’s side window.
Binyelum’s fox ear headband pulsed and dimmed.
Nancy’s remaining arm exploded.
Another golden fox erupted forth.
The creature smiled, then embraced the roadway. The impact pushed Nancy again against the ceiling. The golden fox deformed. Its dispersing inertia softened Mambele’s landing.
The sedan’s tires touched asphalt.
Binyelum crushed the accelerator.
Mambele blurred forward.
Sebastian reached forward, grabbed the back of Nancy’s neck, and shared his gift with her.
Petals burst from Nancy’s shattered arms.
The IDON jettisoned its water membrane out into the river.
What?!
The opposing momentum kept the alterling from falling over the edge.
The monster shoved its frontmost legs against the frame of the bridge.
And pushed.
It whirled.
Crashed to the ground.
And resumed its pursuit.
Fuck!
What the fuck?!
Holy fuck!
Jhansi grabbed the back of Binyelum’s seat with both hands.
“Oh my fucking God!”
She screamed.
“Binyelum!”
She beamed.
“That was fucking amazing!”
Sebastian kept his hand on the back of Nancy’s neck.
Nancy turned to look at him.
Velocity slapped Sebastian’s arm.
Then continued slapping everything within reach.
“Son of a fucking bitch!”
They slapped Jhansi especially hard.
“You son of a fucking bitch!”
Their swirling makeup pulled Jhansi inward.
“You fucking did it!”
Wait.
What?
Oh!
Fuck!
Right!
Fuck!
A grin exploded across Jhansi’s face.
Oren stared through the rear windshield.
“It’s still–”
He growled.
“–after us.”
Binyelum’s bright laugh cut through.
“Pejudo lo anmo, what a night!”
Binyelum drifted Mambele around the next corner, back onto the avenue that ran parallel to the river, back toward downtown and the bay.
Velocity followed Oren’s gaze.
“I think we made it angry.”
Oren blinked at them.
Then looked back at the IDON.
“Crazy that it can spit out that weird membrane.”
He paused.
“Why didn’t it just do that in the first place?”
Binyelum said, “Probably takes a long time to regenerate.”
They paused.
“Our friend probably has a much harder time eating, too.”
Oren nodded.
“Makes sense.”
He paused.
“Think we could go for the legs?”
He paused again.
“It can’t scoop us up or anything.”
Binyelum shook their head.
“It saw my gift, lost its primary mode of attack, and hasn’t backed down. Even if it’s bluffing, I don’t wanna risk it. So–”
Binyelum shrugged.
“We just have to run like prey.”
Oren narrowed his eyes.
“That kind of sounds like bullshit.”
Binyelum blinked.
“What?”
Oren shook his head.
“You drove us underneath once already. Gimme a shot. I’ll hit the angle, get all three legs on the–”
Binyelum interrupted.
“The point is to get away.”
Oren grunted.
A sound filled the cabin.
A lonely trumpet that burst into shimmering flickers.
Everyone blinked.
Dr. Satelleyez.
Goosebumps rose on Jhansi’s skin.
The doctor said, “Hey bedlights.”
She paused.
“Spinning through with a little push.”
Another pause.
“Hard traffic.”
Another version of the jingle played.
The doctor said, “Spec yourselves near the river. Something wicked came through Bridgemall. Shut down the food court.”
Another pause.
“All the way down. Into the river.”
Another pause.
“Gonna need a detour if that’s on your journey.”
Another pause.
“Soundwaves say the big boy’s on the move, so keep your specs up.”
Her voice took on a strange edge.
“Run run run little rabbits. I know you can make it free.”
It sounded like she smiled.
“Silent night no more, little bedlights.”
One final pause.
“Stars are coming out. Dazzle me.”
The jingle ushered out the doctor.
The radio went silent.
Oh!
Wow!
Oren said, “Wow.”
Velocity said, “Thanks mom.”
Jhansi said, “Holy shit! That’s us!”
Bineylum beamed.
“We’re on the airwaves already.”
Sebastian interrupted.
“Strawberri Eight.”
Huh?
Jhansi blinked.
The Strawberri Eight Tower, a fixture of the St. Alëmskaan’machi waterfront skyline, had served the city as a Strawbridge & Clothier department store for the better part of six decades, prior to its current status and occupants. Built during the mid-century postwar boom, the angular eight-story building had ingratiated itself with the community as a symbol of prosperity in the new world. In 1996 the May Department Stores Company acquired Strawbridge & Clothier but left all stores operating under their original brand names, a maneuver typical for the company. A decade later Federated Department Stores acquired the May Department Stores Company with the intention of consolidating the company’s hundreds of disparate stores under the Macy’s brand name. Renowned east coast entrepreneur Lib Saito purchased the St. Alëmskaan’machi Strawbridge & Clothier building from Federated Department Stores during the rebranding. The building underwent a considerable renovation with the intention of attracting jobs in the meteoric technology industry. In accordance with Ms. Saito’s legendary frugality, the building’s new name came from a reorganization of the preexisting signage, with the i left in place of a y, because it seemed like it suited the industry.
What did that have to do with any of this?
Everyone turned to look at Sebastian.
Binyelum looked back at the road.
“Strawberri Eight?”
Velocity opened their mouth, but Binyelum held up a finger.
Binyelum said, “The building with the Adidas store?”
Sebastian nodded.
“Yeah, the one with the Adidas store.”
Velocity looked at Sebastian’s shoes.
“The traitor was you all along!.”
Sebastian rolled his eyes.
“That’s how we can escape.”
Velocity said, “I don’t think a pair of Ultraboosts will–”
Sebastian interrupted.
“There’s a tunnel.”
Binyelum glanced at Sebastian, then looked back at the road.
They smiled into the rearview mirror.
“Well.”
They paused.
“I didn’t know that.”
Sebastian nodded.
“I don’t think a lot of people do. There’s a freight rail that runs underground, from the building to the docks. It was built back in like the forties or whatever, when the Strawberri Eight was a department store. Made it easy to transport all that furniture. Especially since the building’s already so close to the waterfront.”
Binyelum’s smile expanded.
“How in the hell do you know this, Sebastian?”
Sebastian sighed.
So softly that Jhansi could barely hear it.
He shrugged.
“I learned about it.”
Binyelum paused.
Then shrugged.
“I’m glad you did. You know where the entrance to the tunnel is?”
Sebastian nodded.
“Yeah.”
He paused.
“You’re familiar with the Strawberri Eight?”
Binyelum gestured at the air.
“There’s those two big staircases on either side of the atrium, leading up to a mezzanine. The entrance to the Adidas store is on the mezzanine. There’s more floors above, but I don’t know what’s up there.”
Sebastian nodded.
“Cool. You know those two big glass elevators at the back? On the ground floor, there’s a set of double doors along the wall left of the elevators. They’re big, way wider than what you’d expect. I think there’s a locked chain looped through the handles. Behind those doors is a rickety ass elevator. It’ll take you down into the tunnel.”
Binyelum squeezed the steering wheel.
“How wide is the shaft? How deep is it? Can we squeeze in if I blow it open with my gift?”
Velocity giggled.
Binyelum ignored them.
“Can we land safely?”
Sebastian nodded again.
“Mambele could for sure fit on the elevator. The drop is maybe twelve feet? Maybe a little more? Probably not safe, but, y’know.”
He shrugged.
“Plus, we’re already headed that way.”
Binyelum’s laugh sparkled.
“Fuck yes.”
They nodded.
“We can fucking do this.”
They nodded again.
“We’re going to make it.”
They paused.
“Imagine what the doctor will have to say about this.”
Light winked off their wide grin.
They squeezed the steering wheel.
They looked over their shoulder out the rear window.
“Do your fucking worst.”
Their eyes shot wide.
“Pejudo!”
Jhansi whipped around.
The IDON’s pylons glowed bright.
The water membrane had not yet regenerated, so, what?
What the fuck?
Binyelum lurched onto the brakes.
Sebastian’s barbell banged Jhansi in the head.
Something flickered above Mambele.
The roadway just beyond the hood fucking detonated.
Fuck!
Shrapnel battered the sedan.
What the fuck?!
Binyelum shifted their weight onto the accelerator and pulled hard on the steering wheel.
Mambele’s right side bounced brutally against the shattered asphalt.
Jhansi screamed, “What the fuck was that?”
Oren shouted, “A ranged attack? The fuck is that thing?”
Jhansi stared at the IDON.
Its pylons had dimmed again, but clearly they didn’t take long to recharge.
Jhansi replayed in her mind the jump at the bridge.
The mechanics of what had happened began to click into place.
Binyelum said, “Technically no, not a ranged attack. Just a really clever forcefield. Or something like that.”
They gestured.
“Those pylons generate some kind of energy field. Our friend uses it to manipulate that water membrane.”
They snapped their fingers.
“And apparently, there’s more.”
Jhansi leaned forward and nodded.
“It can build up an excess of that energy and then express it all at once. At really high velocities.”
Velocity said, “Hey, that’s me!”
Jhansi continued.
“When it ejaculated that water membrane, that was really just a side effect.”
Velocity laughed, mildly hysteric.
“Ejaculated!”
Sebastian gave them a look.
“Dude, we’re gonna fucking die.”
Oren said, “Why does it bother with that water stuff? Why not just shoot everyone all the time?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“Harder to feed? Exponential refractory periods? It enjoys the element of surprise?”
Oren nodded.
“All of the above, probably.”
Velocity slapped the back of Binyelum’s seat.
“Love the biology lesson, truly. Real fucking great. But seriously, how the fuck are we going to make it to the Strawberri Eight? You’re out of shares and that thing’s gonna kill us with an invisible fucking laser beam.”
Oren said, “Forcefield.”
Velocity gestured at their crotch.
“Force this field!”
Binyelum shook their head.
“It’s a tight one for sure.”
Velocity raised both eyebrows.
Binyelum shrugged.
“The situation.”
They paused.
“I need another memory card.”
What?
Jhansi blinked.
Binyelum looked at her in the rearview mirror.
“Round two, princess.”
Oh.
Fuck.
Oh no not again.
Static threatened.
Jhansi looked around the cabin.
She counted three intermittent twinkles, each of them about the size of a fingernail.
Fuck.
Had the jump sucked any of the shards out the window?
Double fuck.
Static exploded.
Jhansi gritted her teeth.
“I …”
Binyelum blinked.
Jhansi gestured.
“My bag emptied when you made the jump.”
Sebastian opened his mouth, but Velocity slapped his shoulder.
Binyelum blinked again.
They shrugged.
“The difficulty only goes in one direction.”
Velocity laughed dryly.
Binyelum snapped their fingers and pointed at Nancy.
“Keep an eye on the alterling. Let me know when those pylons start glowing.”
They gestured around the cabin.
“Everyone else, help Jhansi find those shards.”
Everyone?
Fuck.
Jhansi’s stomach tightened.
“We need to find every piece, Binyelum. What if we can’t make it by the time we reach the Strawberri Eight?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“That tunnel is our best chance of survival. Everyone’s gonna help. We’re gonna make it.”
Jhansi scowled.
“But–”
Binyelum interrupted.
“We’re almost at 44th. Don’t waste any more time.”
A red nebulite washed over Mambele.
Jhansi looked at her friends.
Oren nodded.
Velocity smirked.
Sebastian looked at her with bewilderment.
Nancy stared straight at her.
Fuck.
Sparks flickered and ebbed throughout Jhansi’s interior space.
She swallowed.
Right.
Round two.
They could do this.
Jhansi nodded.
“Right.”
Nancy leaned over the seat and pinned the IDON in her gaze.
Jhansi glanced around.
Okay.
Where could the shards have landed?
She couldn’t possibly check everywhere in time.
She needed the help.
And to make sure nobody got in anyone else’s way.
Everyone needed an assignment.
Jhansi turned to Velocity.
“Check the package shelf.”
Velocity blinked.
“Princess is giving instructions.”
Ugh.
Jhansi turned to Oren.
“Check the floor. Under Velocity’s seat, your seat, and Sebastian’s.”
Oren nodded.
Easy.
Jhansi looked at Sebastian.
“Check the seats, down into the upholstery and shit.”
Sebastian blinked at her.
“And what, you’re just gonna sit on your throne?”
Ugh.
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
She didn’t reply.
Instead she leaned forward over the center console to scan the front of the cabin.
Everyone else moved around her.
Jhansi checked the coin tray.
Three more shards!
Three small shards, but still.
A good start.
Jhansi left them in place for now.
She checked in the crevices around the shifter.
Nothing.
Hm.
Jhansi looked at Nancy.
She stared resolutely out the rear window.
Jhansi needed to check her seat.
Uh.
Jhansi touched the seat next to Nancy.
Nancy blinked at her.
Jhansi blinked back.
“Uh …”
Nancy nodded, shifted her legs, and returned her focus to the IDON.
Velocity said, “Hey, uh, there’s nothing back here.”
Fuck.
Of course.
Jhansi could have just checked herself.
Wasted decision.
Static blistered.
Jhansi tried to think of another instruction to give.
Too much time.
No static.
Wait.
The other way around.
Fuck!
Jhansi gritted her teeth.
She pushed a hand beneath Nancy’s legs and between the seat cushion and backrest.
Nothing.
Fuck!
Oren said, “Found one.”
Jhansi whipped around.
Oren held a shard about the size of a nickel between his thumb and forefinger.
Fuck!
All these small pieces!
And only one on the floor?
Fuck!
Jhansi said, “That’s it?”
Oren shrugged.
“I’ll reach deeper under the seats.”
Fuck!
Jhansi tensed her neck.
She leaned forward and upended herself searching in the passenger’s side footwell.
She had to find something down there.
Nancy slapped Binyelum’s shoulder.
Fuck.
Binyelum crushed the accelerator.
Jhansi tipped back against Nancy.
Binyelum pulled the handbrake.
Jhansi tipped forward into the footwell.
Binyelum pulled the steering wheel to the right.
Jhansi tipped back against Nancy.
Mambele drifted through the next intersection.
Another red nebulite passed overhead.
The road behind them exploded.
Fuck!
Binyelum released the handbrake and floored the accelerator.
The IDON collided with another building.
Glass and shrapnel erupted.
The alterling pushed itself away from the building and after the Asterlings.
Oren said, “Fuck.”
He paused.
“I dropped it.”
What?!
Bineylum said, “Five blocks west of 33rd.”
They paused.
“We’re taking a little detour. We’ve got time.”
Velocity shouted, “Unless that thing fucking shoots us!”
Binyelum nodded.
“True.”
Fuck!
Jhansi pushed against the footwell to lift herself up.
Her hand brushed against something sharp and hard.
Fuck.
Yes.
Maybe the size of a quarter?
Jhansi said, “I’ve got a small collection going.”
She dropped the shard into the coin tray with the others.
Mambele pulled into another intersection.
Binyelum drifted through.
Jhansi fell back into Sebastian’s lap.
She blinked up at him.
He blinked down at her.
The sedan accelerated toward the Strawberri Eight.
Sebastian silently extended a fist.
Jhansi held out a palm.
Sebastian deposited two small shards into her gasp.
One about the size of a dime, the other vaguely trapezoidal and fairly large.
Yes.
Maybe they already had enough.
Jhansi said, “Velocity! Help Oren find that piece!”
Velocity saluted.
Jhansi scooped the four shards out of the coin tray.
She scanned the contents of her hands.
Matched edges in her mind.
Built a pattern out of the pieces as fast as she could.
And.
Fuck.
Fuck!
Jhansi’s heart pounded.
“It’s not enough!”
The whole center portion of the memory card remained missing.
Oren’s piece wouldn’t complete it.
Fuck!
Oren groped beneath Nancy’s seat.
Velocity searched between Oren’s seat cushion and backrest.
Sebastian stared at Jhansi with wide eyes bereft of any suggestions.
Jhansi screamed, “Fuck!”
She leaned over Binyelum’s seat.
“I need to check under your ass and in your footwell.”
Binyelum shook their head.
“Nothing down there.”
“But–”
Binyelum shook their head again.
“I checked.”
Jhansi stared.
Binyelum shot her a sideways glance.
“You’re doing so well.”
They paused.
“You’re so close.”
They smiled.
“I know you can find it, princess.”
Fuck.
A light purple nebulite washed over Mambele.
Jhansi looked over her shoulder.
Out the rear windshield.
The galloping IDON loomed.
Jhansi looked back at Binyelum.
Binyelum’s throat bobbed once beneath the hard line of their jaw.
Okay.
Jhansi sat back down.
She looked again at the contents of her hand.
Six memory card shards.
Three of them fit together to form the top left corner. Two more fit together to form the top right corner. The final piece, longer and thinner than the others, formed the bottom right corner. Oren’s piece probably formed the bottom left corner.
The entire center of the memory card remained missing.
Yeah.
Jhansi knew that.
Her eyes bulged.
Where hadn’t she looked?
What hadn’t she understood about the space around her?
Jhansi again scanned the cabin.
No, not the cabin.
Mambele.
Jhansi scanned Mambele.
She admired Mambele.
She admired the worn, piebald upholstery deforming softly to accommodate the panicking Asterlings.
And the overhead constellation, patterned as though in motion, all its stars converging toward the center. 
And the warm purple light radiating from the shifter to illuminate Binyelum’s arm.
And that weirdly enticing coloring book stashed in the pouch behind the driver’s seat.
The coloring book.
The title had changed slightly.
SO?
Oh.
Fuck.
Of course.
Jhansi reached for the coloring book.
Oren reached beneath Bineylum’s seat.
Velocity reached for Jhansi’s canvas bag.
Sebastian reached for Nancy.
Jhansi opened the coloring book.
At random.
A thirteen-point star dominated the verso. Liquid fountained from the center of the star and poured down the bottommost points. A large eyeball stared upward beneath the star, its pupil a wide receptacle. All this, rendered in a stained glass motif.
A glittering obelisk towered impenetrable on the recto. A calm lake reflected the hovering structure, as well as the thin crescent of the moon. In the background, coniferous trees receded toward distant mountains. All this, rendered in watercolor brushstrokes.
A massive memory card shard sat between the two pages.
Oh fuck!
Yes!
Fuck!
Yes!
Holy fuck!
Yes!
Jhansi slid it into place against the others.
And almost filled in the entire center.
Shit.
Not the whole thing.
Oren pulled a shard from deep beneath Binyelum’s seat and triumphantly held it aloft.
Oh fuck!
Yes!
Jhansi beamed, grabbed the shard from Oren, and slid it into place against the others.
And almost filled in the bottom left corner.
Shit!
Not the whole thing!
Velocity pulled a shard from the depths of Jhansi’s canvas bag and triumphantly held it aloft.
Fuck!
Yes!
Jhansi sighed, grabbed the shard from Velocity, and slid it into place against the others.
And filled in the entire center.
Fucking shit!
Still not enough!
Sebastian pulled a shard from the dark fount of Nancy’s hair and triumphantly held it aloft.
Holy fuck!
Yes!
Jhansi’s heart pounded.
Blood rushed in her ears.
She grabbed the shard from Sebastian and slid it into place against the others.
She went lightheaded.
Her body felt electric.
And a little nauseated.
Holy fuck.
Holy fuck.
Holy fuck!
Jhansi had done it.
Everyone had done it!
The Asterlings all looked at each other.
Nobody spoke.
Bineylum said, “Eleven blocks.”
A heady grin broke out across Jhansi’s face.
She leaned forward and draped her arms dramatically around Binyelum’s neck.
“Oh brave and fearless leader.”
Binyelum raised both eyebrows.
They stared at Jhansi.
An indecipherable expression passed across their face.
They grinned.
“Told you.”
Jhansi smirked.
“I want a new title.”
Binyelum blinked.
“You want a new title because you cleaned up your own mess? Princess took a liking to the maidling lifestyle?”
Oh come on.
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
“Just open your fucking mouth.”
Binyelum laughed.
Then complied.
They spread their mouth wide. Their lips parted reluctantly. The soft buds of flesh clung together, then distended slightly before separating with a snap.
Jhansi blinked.
Binyelum lolled out their tongue, wet with saliva.
A bead dripped down onto their jacket.
Heat poured out from their throat.
Jhansi blinked a thousand fucking times.
Jhansi blushed so hard it hurt.
Fuck!
She just had to go and get cute, huh?
Jhansi brought her hands to Binyelum’s mouth and fed them the shards.
Binyelum’s jaw worked methodically.
Jhansi watched every movement.
Velocity said, “Fuck.”
They paused.
“I want a title now.”
Bineylum swallowed.
“If we make it through this, everyone gets a title.”
Velocity slapped the back of Binyelum’s head.
“Then they’re not special!”
Binyelum snorted.
“Everyone’s special.”
Mambele rushed across first street and into the parking lot of the Strawberri Eight.
Nancy slapped Bineylum’s arm.
Jhansi turned to look out the rear windshield.
The alterling pursued barely twenty meters behind them, its pylons bright and getting brighter.
Binyelum’s laugh chimed.
“Let's make a scene.”
Mambele hit the wide, shallow stairway leading up to the foyer of the Strawberri Eight. Headlight luminescence outlined the marble steps and glared against the massive panes of glass slanting up and away to form the atrium ceiling. The automatic entryway doors rushed to fill Mambele’s windshield viewport. The dark atrium swelled beyond the glass.
Velocity shouted, “Pejudo!”
The alterling’s pylons flashed.
Mambele cleared the stairs, catching air and smashing through the entryway doors.
Glass tumbled through space.
The alterling's energy field hit the entryway.
The sound split Jhansi’s ears.
Shrapnel filled the entire world outside Mambele.
Headlight radiance reflected off every spinning particle.
How much time had passed since Jhansi’s last breath?
The Asterlings hung there for a moment, floating freely in space, the heart of a whirlwind galaxy.
Jhansi looked at Binyelum.
They had lifted themselves out of their seat again, pulling away from her just slightly.
Their hands squeezed the steering wheel, knuckles white against the worn plastic.
Their eyes glittering, bottomless pupils widening to reflect the light from every false star.
Their teeth filled their face, lips pulled back in a display of vivid mania hungry to devour everything in its path.
Jhansi’s heart fucking ached.
Mambele hit the floor.
The headlights found the glass elevators, twin columnar structures ascending into darkness at the far end of the atrium. 
The entire glass ceiling began to buckle.
The alterling obliterated the remnants of the entryway, charging through into the atrium.
The glass ceiling splintered.
It disintegrated.
A sheet of glass shards rained into the atrium.
Velocity shouted, “Fuck!”
Sebastian pushed Jhansi aside and leaned over Binyelum’s shoulder.
He pointed into the darkness on their left.
“There!”
Binyelum pulled the steering wheel.
The alterling pursued right behind.
Mambele passed beneath an escalator, grazing the plaster and clipping off a chunk.
The alterling demolished the structure.
Binyelum shouted, “Nancy!”
Nancy leaned out the window, reaching her arm forward, palm open, grasping at headlight luminescence.
Debris battered Mambele’s hood.
Binyelum stood, their full weight on the accelerator.
They laughed, barking, probably not even aware of their human self.
Oren shouted, “Left!”
Binyelum pulled the wheel.
Mambele lurched.
The alterling speared the ground alongside the passenger side of the sedan, close enough for Nancy to touch.
She dragged her palm along the smooth surface of the limb.
Velocity shouted, “Fuck!”
Mambele’s headlights illuminated a wide pair of doors, held closed by a small, locked chain.
Binyelum grabbed Nancy’s free hand.
Their headband pulsed and dimmed.
The golden fox burst from Nancy’s arm, rushed forward, and battered down the doors to the freight elevator.
It dove into the shaft beyond to rend apart the elevator platform.
The fox disappeared.
The open chasm of the elevator swallowed Mambele’s headlight radiance.
Binyelum pulled the handbrake and leaned hard on the steering wheel.
One of the alterling’s legs plunged toward the sedan.
Mambele swung to the right, drifting hard toward the elevator shaft.
The alterling filled the world outside the sedan.
The screech of wailing tires filled Jhansi’s ears.
Mambele’s driver’s side hit the far wall of the shaft.
The alterling’s leg smashed into the elevator landing, violent momentum pushing it deep enough to open fissures in the walls of the shaft.
Mambele plummeted into darkness.
They hit the ground.
Jhansi’s teeth clacked together.
The alterling smashed its body against the wall above.
Binyelum pulled the steering wheel and stepped on the accelerator.
They pulled free of the shaft.
Debris deluged into the shaft, spilling out of the opening, rolling after Mambele.
Binyelum shouted, “Fuck!”
They slapped the steering wheel with both hands, again and again.
The alterling smashed its body against the wall above, again and again, the sound echoing down the tunnel.
It couldn’t reach them.
Binyelum shouted, “We fucking made it!”
They hit the brakes, pulling Mambele to a stop.
Jhansi’s entire body shuddered with every heartbeat.
She felt completely numb.
She looked around, struggling to think through the daze.
Oren stared back at Jhansi, eyes wide, mouth slightly agape, chest heaving slowly.
Velocity slapped everything in reach.
Sebastian stared at Nancy.
Nancy breathed through gritted teeth and clutched her bleeding stump.
Binyelum stared straight ahead, their gaze following Mambele’s headlights into the receding darkness.
Nobody said anything.
Sebastian broke the silence first.
“Nancy!”
He reached forward, grabbing her wrist, squeezing it and shaking his head.
“Fuck, I’m so sorry!”
He looked around, his glaring eyes and open-mouthed grimace frozen in a mask of panic.
“I’m out of shares!”
The colors of his flower crown remained resolutely dimmed.
Binyelum turned, placed a hand on Sebastian’s, and spoke to Nancy.
“You're alright, yeah?”
Blood poured between Nancy’s fingers, soaking her jacket.
Her brows had pulled together tight.
She looked at Binyelum, hissed, and nodded.
Sebastian pulled his hand out from under Binyelum’s, reached back, and slapped them across the face.
“She just lost her fucking arm, asshole!”
Binyelum blinked.
Oren and Jhansi screamed, “Sebastian!”
Velocity shouted, “Dude!”
Binyelum brought a hand to their cheek.
They blinked again.
“You hit me?”
Sebastian balled his hand into a fist.
“She fucking lost her arm!”
Binyelum looked between Sebastian and Nancy.
They said, slowly and deliberately, “Heal her after your refractory period is up.”
Sebastian looked furiously bewildered.
“That’s longer than the time limit on my gift!”
Binyelum furrowed their brows.
“Time limit?”
Sebastian grabbed the back of Binyelum’s seat and shook it violently.
“I can’t fucking heal anyone after three minutes!”
Binyelum blinked.
Nancy shuddered.
Binyelum narrowed their eyes.
“Why didn’t I know this?”
“I fucking told you! Back at the diner!”
Binyelum’s hardened into a perfectly straight line.
“People just don’t love anymore.”
Sebastian pushed Jhansi off his lap into the middle seat.
“Fuck you!”
He leaned forward, grabbed the door handle, and threw open the door. Binyelum raised an eyebrow. Sebastian popped the seat forward, pushed it down onto Binyelum, and clambered outside.
Oren shouted, “Sebastian!”
Velocity said, “Nancy, fuck.”
Jhansi’s head pounded.
Her throat felt unbearably tight.
Sebastian stumbled out, turned, grabbed Binyelum’s jacket with both hands, and pulled them into the tunnel.
Oren climbed over Jhansi, following Sebastian into the tunnel, shouting his name.
Velocity yelled, “You fucking idiots! Nancy is going to fucking bleed out!”
Sebastian held the neck of Binyelum’s jacket in one hand. He balled the other into a fist and pistoned his arm backward. Binyelum gave him a strange smile.
Oren stumbled into the tunnel.
Velocity growled, threw open the passenger side door, and stepped over Nancy into the tunnel.
Sebastian screamed. He swung his arm forward with all his might, catching Binyelum squarely across the jaw. Binyelum buckled, but Sebastian’s grip kept him from falling completely.
Oren grabbed Sebastian from behind, wrapping his arms under Sebastian’s armpits and clasping his hands together behind Sebastian’s neck, holding Sebastian’s arms away from his body and locked in place.
Binyelum rubbed their jaw, blinking slowly.
Velocity ran around Mambele, leaned into the driver’s seat, and popped the hood.
Jhansi tried to swallow.
Her stomach hurt.
Static whipped erratically through her interior space.
What the fuck?
How had this happened?
She yelled, “I can reassemble another memory card!”
Sebastian shouted, “Fuck you!”
He threw a kick at Binyelum.
Binyelum casually pushed his leg to the side.
Sebastian screamed, “Fuck!”
Velocity pulled Nancy from Mambele.
Jhansi yelled, “Binyelum!”
Binyelum ignored her.
They said to Sebastian, “What are you so mad about?”
Sebastian tried to kick them again.
Binyelum blocked the attack.
Sebastian yelled, “This wouldn’t have fucking happened if it weren’t for you!”
Binyelum blinked.
“Me?”
“Yes, you! You wouldn’t let us fucking take those memory cards from the diner!”
Binyelum blinked again.
Velocity stood with Nancy in front of Mambele’s exposed engine compartment, supporting the injured girl beneath her remaining arm.
Velocity yelled, “Does anybody have a fucking belt?”
Nobody replied.
Bineylum said to Sebastian, “What would those memory cards have given us?”
Sebastian screamed wordlessly.
He yelled, “Then I could use my gift!”
Velocity yelled, “Jhansi! Empty your fucking bag! Bring it here!”
Jhansi blinked.
She looked around.
Huh?
What?
Bag?
Bag!
The bag!
Jhansi grabbed the canvas bag, dumped the contents on the seat, and stumbled out into the tunnel.
Binyelum said to Sebastian, “So you feel powerless?”
Sebastian screamed again.
“Fuck you!”
Jhansi ran toward Velocity, holding the bag outstretched.
Velocity snatched it from Jhansi’s hand, folded it clumsily, and held it up to Nancy’s mouth.
“Open.”
Nancy bit down on the folded bag.
Binyelum said to Sebastian, “You hit me because you feel powerless?”
Sebastian, visibly weakening, growled, “Fuck you,” emphasizing the second word with a feeble kick.
Binyelum stepped to avoid it.
Sebastian said, “I just want to help her.”
Binyelum nodded.
“I understand. I’m sorry you can’t help her.”
Velocity looked into Nancy’s eyes.
“Okay babe. Are you ready?”
Nancy nodded.
Velocity adjusted, grabbing hold of Nancy’s arm with one hand, and firmly supporting Nancy’s torso with the other.
“Here we go.”
Velocity lowered Nancy toward Mambele’s engine.
Blood drenched the engine block, sizzling where it landed.
Jhansi’s eyes shot wide.
“Nancy!”
Nancy’s wound connected with the engine.
Nancy shrieked around the canvas bag.
The veins in her neck bulged.
Her flesh hissed and popped.
An indescribable smell filled Jhansi’s nose.
Sebastian screamed again.
Everyone stood frozen, watching Velocity cauterize Nancy’s wound.
Nancy convulsed.
Velocity pulled her away.
“Fuck!”
Nancy panted, her eyes rolling dangerously.
Velocity yelled, “Is she going into shock?”
Sebastian shouted, “How should we fucking know? You’re the one who fucking grilled her ass!”
Velocity screamed back, “At least I fucking did something!”
Uncertainty devastated Jhansi.
She stood transfixed, confused, and afraid.
Nancy patted Velocity’s shoulder.
She shook her head.
A stream of drool threatened to drip from her bottom lip, but she sucked it back into her mouth.
Sebastian sobbed.
Binyelum looked from Nancy to Sebastian, and then back again.
Velocity said, “Let’s get you back into the car.”
Bineylum said to Sebastian, “Are you going to hit me again?”
Sebastian glared at them for a long moment.
At last they said, “No.”
Binyelum nodded, then nodded again at Oren.
Oren released Sebastian.
Sebastian bent double and exhaled.
He sobbed again.
He righted himself.
He looked at Bineylum with an expression Jhansi didn’t understand, then hurried around toward Nancy.
Velocity lowered Nancy into the passenger’s seat.
Blood no longer fountained from her wound.
Mambele’s refresh cleared away the dark stains that had spread across her jacket and mended the torn sleeve, now hanging limply by her side.
She stared straight forward, took a long, shuddering breath, and exhaled so slowly Jhansi worried she had died.
Sebastian pushed past Velocity, then froze.
He stared down at Nancy.
Nancy tilted her head slowly, her eyes eventually meeting Sebastian’s.
Nobody said anything.
At last Sebastian said, “I’m sorry.”
Nancy blinked slowly.
She shook her head, her expression almost dismissive.
She shrugged.
Sebastian repeated himself.
“I’m sorry!”
Nancy continued to stare at him with that same expression.
Sebastian looked away.
“Fuck.”
Binyelum gave Oren a pat on the arm, then walked around Mambele.
They looked at Velocity.
“You did good. Really good.”
Velocity glowered. 
“Fucking somebody had to.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Yeah. I’m proud of you.”
Color rose on Velocity’s cheeks, but their glower remained.
Binyelum stepped past Sebastian to kneel beside Nancy.
“Hey killer.”
Nancy looked at them, her expression distinctly disapproving.
“How are you?”
Nancy blinked slowly.
Binyelum nodded.
“Nobody could have done it like you.”
Nancy rolled her eyes.
She turned away from Binyelum to stare down the tunnel.
She let her head fall back against the headrest.
Binyelum stood.
They turned to Sebastian.
“You okay?”
Sebastian’s expression flickered through several iterations before he forced it into neutrality.
“This still wouldn’t have happened if we’d grabbed those extra memory cards.”
Binyelum sighed.
“Sebastian, how do you know that?”
Sebastian’s brows knit.
He raised both hands in admonishment.
“Binyelum. We would have–”
He added extra emphasis to every syllable in the remainder of the sentence.
“–had more memory cards.”
He shook his head.
“How else do you want me to say it?”
Binyelum raised their brows imploringly.
“And you’re absolutely certain that everything else would have gone exactly as it did?”
Sebastian blinked.
“Uh. Why wouldn’t it?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“Maybe the heavier bag would have slid off Jhansi’s shoulder during the fight at Bridgemall. Maybe one of those assholes would have noticed the bag and thought to grab it. Or, hey, if nothing else, the memory cards definitely would have shattered in a different configuration when Jhansi hit that guy. Maybe their different shape would have meant they all just flew right out the fucking windows when I jumped Mambele.”
Sebastian blinked again.
He turned to Jhansi, his eyes glaring.
“Jhansi.”
The bands of static whirling aimlessly through Jhansi’s interior space turned their attention on her all at once.
Binyelum grabbed Sebastian’s shoulder.
“No, this isn’t Jhansi’s fault. She didn’t do anything wrong.”
Sebastian shrugged off Binyelum’s shoulder.
“The hell it isn’t.”
He jabbed a finger in Jhansi’s direction.
“It was her fucking responsibility to take care of those memory cards. That’s the whole fucking reason she’s here! You’re telling me it’s fine if she can’t even do that?”
He shook his head.
“She’s fucking useless!”
Jhansi’s throat tightened.
Static lanced deep into her body from every direction.
Binyelum narrowed their eyes.
“She’s not useless.”
Sebastian’s eyes shot wide.
“You already had to fucking save her ass once. She pissed herself!”
He pointed to the crotch of his pants.
“I’ve got her piss on me!”
The heat rose in Jhansi’s face so fast and hard that it hurt.
A pillar of static pierced upward from the floor of her interior space and stabbed straight through her.
Binyelum said, “Jhansi made sure we got the memory card we needed.”
Sebastian blinked.
He said nothing.
Binyelum said, “You do remember that, right?”
Sebastian frowned.
He looked at Jhansi.
Jhansi stared back, fighting down tears.
Sebastian looked away.
He said to Binyelum, “I still don’t trust her.”
Bineylum let out a long, loud groan.
They threw their arms into the air.
They opened their mouth, closed it, and pressed their hands to their forehead.
They held themselves like that for a long moment.
Sebastian raised an eyebrow condescendingly.
Binyelum exhaled slowly.
“So what’s your deal?”
Sebastian made a face.
“My deal? What’s my fucking deal?”
Binyelum inhaled and exhaled slowly.
“Yes. Your deal. Who don’t you trust.”
Sebastian looked aggrieved.
“Jhansi! Obviously! I’ve been saying that.”
Binyelum nodded deliberately.
“Yes. I know you’ve been saying that. We all know you’ve been saying that. But this is coming from somewhere. You learned this. Jhansi hasn’t actually done anything untrustworthy. She’s just weird. And dumb. And a very confused tryhard. But she hasn’t taught you to distrust her.”
Bineylum paused.
Sebastian’s expression shifted as he worked through Binyelum’s last statement.
Binyelum said, slowly, “So. Who taught you to feel this way?”
Sebastian’s expression shifted again, giving him the sudden impression of something small and defensive and melancholy.
He looked away from Binyelum, first at Nancy, then quickly to the floor.
He turned away and stared at the dark wall of the tunnel.
“Do you want to know how I know about this tunnel?”
Velocity rolled their eyes.
“Not this.”
Binyelum shot them a look.
They said to Sebastian, “Of course. I was hoping you’d tell us.”
Sebastian shrugged.
“I was a naval endling last night.”
Binyelum whistled.
Oren said, “No shit.”
Velocity said, “For real?”
Nancy turned to look at him.
Jhansi said, “What?”
Bineylum said, “Rank? Faction?”
Sebastian didn’t turn around.
“Black. Full.”
Binyelum whistled again.
Oren said, “Black’s not bad.”
Velocity said, “Full, though. That’s rough.”
Nancy blinked slowly.
Jhansi said, “Guys, what’s a naval endling?”
Binyelum said to Sebastian, “So how’d you get boat duty?”
Velocity said, “No offense, you don’t really seem like the type to ask for it.”
Jhansi said, “Waitaminute. Endlings have boats?”
Oren nodded.
“Transport trucks. Boats. Planes. Endlings have it all.”
Velocity added, “There were some trucks in the parking lot at Bridgemall.”
Jhansi flushed.
How had she missed that?
Stupid bitch.
No wonder Sebastian didn’t trust her.
Sebastian shrugged.
“Nah, I didn’t ask for it. It was just the fortune of the favor.”
Binyelum whistled yet again.
“A rare fate.”
Jhansi said, “What?”
Oren said, “The favor. That’s what it’s called when Egaeus grants a rank up. On rare occasions things won’t go as expected, resulting in some accidental fortune.”
Sebastian nodded.
“My friend and I–”
Binyelum interrupted.
“Your friend?”
Sebastian paused.
He didn’t reply for a long moment.
At last he said, “Yeah, my friend.”
Binyelum said, “Hm,” and nothing else.
Sebastian continued.
“We took down a gold that was auditioning for the navy.”
Bineylum interrupted again.
“You were both purple at the time?”
Sebastian shook his head.
“I was purple. He was gold. I held off a purple and a green while he duked it out with the gold.”
Binyelum cocked their head.
“But he let you present the gold’s memory card as an offering?”
Sebastian shook his head again.
“No, he took the gold’s memory card.”
Bineylum cocked their head to the other side.
“So how’d you get the fortune?”
Sebastian shook his head, shrugging slow and hard.
“I have no fucking idea.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Fair. It’s kind of just like that.”
Sebastian sighed.
“Yep. It’s kind of just like that.”
Sebastian didn’t say anything further.
Binyelum quirked their mouth.
“Maybe it’s because he wanted you to come with?”
Sebastian didn’t say anything.
Binyelum changed the subject.
“So you got put on boat duty, and you guys just stumbled across this tunnel?”
Sebastian nodded.
“Pretty much. We disembarked after some straggler special ones, lost them, found a low caliber alterling, and chased it in here.”
Binyelum paused, then said slowly, “Is that how you died?”
Sebastian chuckled darkly.
He finally turned around.
“You think some fucking .32 auto alterling is gonna take down a squad of naval endlings? Even on my own I could’ve–”
Binyelum interrupted.
“Everyone has bad days.”
Sebastian sighed.
He shrugged.
He shook his head.
“No, that’s not how I died.”
Binyelum said, “How did you die?”
Sebastian looked at the ground.
Oren said, “Hey, maybe it’s not–”
Binyelum held up their hand.
“Sebastian hasn’t gotten to the part of the story where he explains why he doesn’t trust Jhansi.”
Oren blinked.
Binyelum said, in a tone of velvet tenderness, “Sebastian? How did you die?”
Sebastian looked back up.
“The Empty Chest.”
Binyelum sucked in their breath.
Oren whispered, “Fuck.”
Velocity said, “Oh pejudo.”
Nancy sat up, then quickly leaned back.
Jhansi said, “The Empty Chest?”
Binyelum said, “Hey.”
They opened their arms wide.
“Can I give you a hug?”
Sebastian rolled his eyes.
He shrugged.
He nodded.
Binyelum stepped forward and pulled Sebastian into a tight embrace. They rested their head on Sebastian’s shoulder. Sebastian let out a long, shuddering sigh. He allowed Binyelum to rock him gently back and forth.
Sebastian said, “It was pretty bad.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Yeah.”
They stood like that for a long moment.
Finally Binyelum pulled back, their hands on Sebastian’s shoulders.
“And you came out of it a pentacles.”
Sebastian shrugged.
“I sure did.”
Binyelum delicately cupped Sebastian’s chin in their palm.
“You’ve been through a lot. I’m really glad you ended up here.”
Sebastian gave a wan smile.
Jhansi asked, “What’s the Empty Chest?”
Oren said, “Not now, Jhansi.”
Binyelum said to Sebastian, “Your friend, where did he end up?”
Sebastian stared silently, his eyes red.
Bineylum said, “Do you know where he ended up?”
Sebastian remained silent.
Binyelum said, “Is that why you don’t trust Jhansi? Because you know where your friend ended up?”
Sebastian swallowed.
Binyelum nodded.
“Okay.”
They paused.
“I understand. I’m sorry you had to go through that experience. And. I need you to trust Jhansi.”
Sebastian’s face fell.
He looked away.
Binyelum gently pulled on Sebastian’s chin.
Sebastian’s gaze met Bineylum’s again.
“Sebastian. I need you to trust Jhansi.”
Sebastian nodded.
“Okay.”
Binyelum raised their eyebrows.
“Sebastian. Do you trust Jhansi?”
Sebastian sighed.
“Yes, I trust Jhansi.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Tell her.”
Sebastian huffed.
He hesitated, then turned to face Jhansi.
“Jhansi. I trust you.”
Jhansi stared back wordlessly.
The static did not abate.
Binyelum said, “Good.”
They turned, kneeling again to talk to Nancy.
Nancy greeted them with a slow blink.
Binyelum said, “Hey killer. How are you doing?”
Nancy shrugged.
Binyelum asked, “Are you okay to keep going?”
Nancy shrugged again.
She looked away, rolled her eyes, and looked back at Binyelum.
She nodded.
Sebastian said, “You’re gonna make her keep fighting?”
Binyelum stood and turned to Sebastian.
“What else is she going to do?”
Sebastian sighed in frustration.
“Fine. I just …”
He trailed off.
Binyelum addressed the Asterlings as a group.
“Okay. Everybody ready?”
Velocity said, “For what?”
Bineylum blinked.
“To go.”
“Okay. Yeah. Where?”
“Out.”
Velocity narrowed their eyes.
“Why won’t you tell us what’s next?”
Bineylum paused.
They looked around at everyone.
“This isn’t really the place to formulate a plan. Let’s get a breath of fresh air, collect our thoughts, and I’ll tell you where we’re gonna find Kiran.”
Oren gave Binyelum a long look.
Velocity said, “Okay,” dragging out each vowel sound.
Sebastian said, “Whatever. Sure.”
Nancy blinked.
Jhansi opened her mouth, but couldn’t think of anything to say.
The Asterlings filed back into Mambele.
Sebastian said, “Sorry Jhansi, keep your piss princess skirt offa me.”
Static stabbed straight into Jhansi.
Jhansi yelled, “Fuck you!”
Velocity said, “Jhansi’s gotta sit somewhere.”
Sebastian said, “Make her sit by herself!”
Velocity said, “And get the seat wet?”
Oren said, “Jhansi, just sit in my lap.”
Jhansi blushed deep.
Binyelum said, “We’ll get you some new pants.”
Jhansi blushed even deeper.
She settled into Oren’s lap in the center seat.
Binyelum and Nancy pulled the doors closed.
Binyelum shifted out of park.
“Chances the alterling is waiting outside for us?”
Sebastian shook his head.
“Pretty low. The tunnel lets out under an arched overhang. It’s kinda secluded, and there’s not really any way to tell where it’s going.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Guess we’ll find out.”
They stepped gently on the accelerator.
Mambele thumped through the tunnel, straddling the rightmost rail, the driver’s side bucking over each railroad tie. The headlight beams traced bright esoterica graffitied onto both walls, and occasionally on the ceiling. Red and blue and pink and green and white and gold neon shapes leered out at them, indecipherable agendas outlined in graphic black lines.
Binyelum said, “How long is this tunnel?”
The darkness ahead swallowed Mambele’s headlights.
Sebastian said, “Less than a mile?”
Binyelum made a noise.
Nobody else spoke.
Jhansi curled in on herself.
Her entire body felt raw, outside and inside. Sensations seethed, vying for her attention with no possible outlet. She tried to focus on one at a time and found it impossible.
She looked down and watched her hands shake.
They had survived.
Somehow, they had all survived.
How much time had passed since they embarked from The Rescue?
It felt like a thousand years.
It felt like a different lifetime.
Jhansi ran back through her memory.
She saw the thundering footsteps of the massive alterling crashing down closer and closer to the sedan as it chased the Asterlings through the city.
She saw a teenager strangled and broken by a jellyfish, swallowed piece by piece by a monster, and converted into something else.
She saw endlings tearing each other apart in a sea of emerald glass, orange blood and white bones and glistening, pulpy stuff splattered across the environment.
She saw an alterling digesting the body of a teenager, methodically pulling the corpse deeper and deeper inside itself.
She saw Nancy, and Sebastian, and Velocity, and Oren.
She saw Binyelum.
Binyelum, who had kept them all alive.
Binyelum, who had said her actions made a difference.
Binyelum, who had appeared at the last second to redirect the flow of imminent violence and save her fucking life.
Fuck.
Did Binyelum secretly understand?
They had defended her in so many different ways.
They wanted her to stick around.
In spite of her apparent weakness.
Did they see it too?
Did they understand her role?
As the ultrarare specialing?
They must.
Nothing else made sense.
How else would she have managed to pull off that thing with the memory card shards?
What had even happened back there?
Jhansi couldn’t remember.
She only knew that she’d solved an impossible puzzle and saved everyone’s life.
It felt like destiny.
She saw it plain.
As long as Binyelum kept her alive, she’d call on that nameless power, solve every puzzle, get them to the moon, and unlock the secret to defeating Egaeus.
Binyelum would keep Jhansi alive, and Jhansi would save the world.
Perfect.
Velocity said, “So what’s it like, being in full?”
Sebastian laughed darkly.
“What do you think it’s like?”
Velocity raised her eyebrows.
“Let’s all come together?”
Sebastian mirrored Velocity’s expression.
“Like a circlejerk?”
Velocity shrugged.
“If you’re into that.”
Sebastian gave a single, half-hearted laugh.
He turned to watch the graffiti.
“It’s pretty much what you’d expect.”
Velocity nodded.
They mirrored Sebastian, turning to watch the graffiti.
Binyelum said, “Did you ever have to participate in the culling?”
Velocity turned sharply.
“Dude!”
Binyelum looked in the rearview mirror.
“Isn’t that why you asked in the first place?”
Velocity frowned.
They said nothing.
Sebastian sighed.
“It’s fine. We’re talking about it anyway. No, I never had to participate in the culling. That’s a job for the sparklings.”
Binyelum said, “So you watched the culling.”
Sebastian nodded.
“Yep. Every night.”
Jhansi said, “The culling?”
Oren explained, “The full faction culls its lowest performers at the end of every night.”
Jhansi frowned.
“What, they like, get kicked out?”
Sebastian laughed.
“No. They get executed.”
Jhansi blinked.
“Executed?”
Sebastian nodded.
“Executed.”
Holy shit.
Jhansi looked around at everyone.
“That’s seriously fucked up, right?”
She received a tapestry of mixed expressions in response.
Sebastian said, “It just is what it is.”
Jhansi said, “You guys don’t fight back?”
Sebastian gave a smile that somehow looked both condescending and apologetic.
“We believe in it.”
Jhansi blinked, then blinked again.
“What the fuck?”
Sebastian shrugged.
He sighed.
He straightened his back and spoke in a tone Jhansi had not heard him use before.
“An endling comes into existence for the purpose of pleasing Egaeus. An endling that cannot please does not have a purpose. An endling with no purpose has no reason to exist. Endlings with an empty existence are traitors to the legacy of their faction. We, the anointed full moon endlings, are destined for perfection in the eyes of our creator. We act, without hesitation or restraint, to eradicate our own imperfections. We are the strongest. We are the truest. We are the favorite.”
He paused, then added, “Plus, nothing motivates good performance like the fear of death.”
Jhansi opened her mouth, then closed it.
At last she said, “Wow.”
Sebastian shrugged.
Jhansi said, “How’d you end up in the full faction?”
Sebastian shrugged again.
Oren said, “Egaeus just puts you where He puts you.”
Jhansi stared at him.
“Jesus.”
Oren shrugged.
Jhansi said, “What are the other factions like?”
Oren said, “Gibbous, quarter, and crescent endlings all kick out their weakest performers.”
Jhansi made a face.
“I guess that’s better than a fucking execution.”
Oren added, “New endlings don’t kick out anyone.”
Jhansi nodded.
“Monsters with a heart, love it.”
Oren shrugged.
Jhansi said, “What happens to the endlings that get kicked out?”
Sebastian said, “They probably die.”
Binyelum said, “Or they become alterings.”
Velocity added, “Or they get recruited by Trust Fall.”
Binyelum looked at them in the rearview mirror.
Jhansi blinked.
“Trust Fall?”
Velocity made a noise.
“An alterling. He recruits factionless endlings to serve his own whims.”
Jhansi blinked again.
“How’s he do that?”
Velocity gestured at the air.
“He’s an alterling!”
Fair.
Jhansi said, “Fair.”
Binyelum said, “Looks like we’re here.”
They flicked off Mambele’s headlights.
A crushing sense of oppression overwhelmed the cabin.
A moment later the suffocation relented, the mouth of the tunnel opening wide to release them back out into the night.
The curve of the moon slid into view.
The soft sound of rippling water mixed with Mambele’s bells.
Binyelum put Mambele in park.
“What’s the terrain like around here?”
Sebastian leaned forward.
“These tracks meet up pretty quickly with another set that runs pretty much parallel to the waterfront. There’s a port terminal that way–”
He pointed to the right, then froze.
Everyone followed his gesture.
Thirty meters away, three other pairs of headlights beamed across a flat expanse of concrete, highlighting the intricate, deliberate patterns painted on the ground. Curving dotted lines, multicolored ribbons running in parallel, boxes filled with words that Jhansi couldn’t read at this distance. The symbols spoke to a meaning more utilitarian than the graffiti in the tunnel, but not more immediately parseable.
The light traced the outline of dozens of shipping containers stacked around the edge of the terminal, throwing their shadows back to merge with the cloak. Except, not all the shipping containers sat neatly in stacks. Five or six lay strewn across the ground, dangerous geometry that made goosebumps prickle across Jhansi’s skin.
Something else lay between and atop those toppled containers.
A massive, slumped carcass.
The same alterling that had just chased them through the city.
Bulky silhouettes moved with quick, coordinated efficiency in the headlight radiance, crossing back and forth between the body of the alterling and the vehicles.
Binyelum said, “Figures.”
Jhansi said, “You know who that is?”
Velocity nodded.
“Gotta be the Final Hand.”
That name sounded familiar.
A band of special ones, right?
Fuck.
Jhansi did not like the idea of having to interface with any more new fucking people tonight.
But on the other hand, it seemed pretty fortunate, getting to team up with the kids who apparently just took down that impossible fucking monster.
Jhansi said, “We’re teaming up?”
Binyelum scoffed.
“The Final Hand doesn’t team up.”
They paused, then added, “Not really my scene anyway.”
The rest of the Asterlings nodded.
Oren said, “If it was, we wouldn’t be here.”
Jhansi frowned.
“So, what then?”
She had felt a little excited to learn about more swords and gifts, in spite of her social apprehension.
Velocity said, “Fuck ‘em. They can take care of themselves.”
Binyelum said contemplatively, “No.”
Velocity said, “You think they can’t?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“No. I mean, I don’t want to fuck ‘em.”
Velocity snorted.
“Suit yourself.”
Binyelum smiled distractedly.
“No. I want to know why they’re here.”
Velocity blinked.
“Oh.”
Oren said, “You sure about that?”
Binyelum said, “Worst that happens is they tell us to fuck off.”
Oren shrugged.
Sebastian said, “Maybe they’ll have some new pants for Jhansi.”
Binyelum laughed.
“Maybe they will indeed have some new pants for our little pissling.”
Jhansi shouted, “No!”
Binyelum turned to look at her.
“Not the new title you had in mind?”
Jhansi’s face burned. She squeezed her hands tight, realizing only when Oren hissed that she had grabbed onto his legs. She didn’t let go.
“Binyelum.”
She gave them a hard stare.
An impish smile spread across Binyelum’s face, growing into a fully fledged grin.
Jhanis’s eyes widened into a glare as Binyelum’s narrowed into a leer.
Binyelum shrugged.
“Have you your way, princess.”
Of all the fucking things.
Jhansi looked around at everyone else.
“Don’t fucking say anything.”
Oren looked completely passive.
Velocity said, “Wouldn’t dream of it.”
Sebastian smiled unpleasantly.
Nancy hadn’t paid the exchange any attention whatsoever.
Binyelum looked toward to the port terminal.
“Let’s see.” 
They flicked Mambele’s headlights on, then quickly off, then on again, left them beaming for five seconds, then flicked them back off.
They received no response.
They repeated the gesture again.
And again.
After the fifth repetition, one of the pairs of headlights out on the port terminal flicked off and on one single time.
Binyelum nodded.
“Let’s go make a scene.”
Mambele trundled forward, lurching unevenly over the tracks before mounting the smooth concrete. Passing silhouettes towered in every direction, marking the abstract geometry of industrial structures obscured by the cloak. The steel jungle felt impenetrably hostile. Jhansi found herself missing the safe unreality of the tunnel. At least in there, a threat could only come from one direction.
Something moved in the darkness.
The suggestion of insect legs scurried up a sloping grain elevator.
Fuck.
Jhansi said, “Guys–”
Binyelum interrupted.
“I know.”
They added, “Don't worry, I doubt they’ll fuck with the Final Hand.”
Jhansi swallowed.
She looked anxiously back toward the elevator.
The shape had disappeared.
Binyelum pulled Mambele closer to the activity on the terminal. Two bulky human silhouettes stepped into the sedan’s headlights. The taller one grabbed the other’s bulging wrist with a similarly bulging hand, a familiar gesture that looked more fluid and rehearsed than when any of the Asterlings did it. The shorter silhouette twisted and tugged lightly against their compatriot. Their limbs seemed to cinch together, as though locked in place by some mechanism.
Both silhouettes raised their free hands and gestured for Binyelum to stop.
Binyelum braked, put Mambele in park, and gently opened the driver's side door.
They called, “Are we cool?”
The shorter silhouette spoke.
“How many you got in there?”
“Six, including me.”
Chibi Silhouette said nothing.
Another voice, higher pitched, from somewhere out of sight, called, “Checks out!”
CS nodded.
“You. Step out of the car. Slow, with your hands up.”
Binyelum muttered, “Yeah yeah.”
They looked into the rearview mirror and said, “Stay put.”
They raised both hands and stood from the sedan.
For a moment nobody spoke.
At last CS said, “So what do you want?”
Binyelum replied evenly, “I want to know why you're here.”
Again, CS said nothing.
At last they turned, pointed to the partially illuminated corpse, and said, “There's a big fuckoff monster.”
Binyelum nodded.
“I know. That thing chased us here from Bridgemall.”
Yet again, CS said nothing.
At last they said, “The doctor mentioned Bridgemall.”
Binyelum nodded again.
“Yep.”
CS looked briefly toward their partner, then back to Binyelum.
“Bullshit.”
Binyelum’s laugh sparkled.
“Suit yourself.”
They shrugged.
“But I know for a fact you guys didn't chase that thing down here. Which means it just kinda stumbled into your midst. Bad luck. But, why were you here in the first place?”
This time CS didn’t hesitate to reply.
“Fuck off.”
Binyelum shrugged again.
“Suit yourself.”
CS didn’t say anything.
Binyelum said, “Am I free to go?”
CS scoffed.
“I said fuck off.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Got it.”
They gave a thumbs-up with both their raised hands.
Oren said, “Worst that happens is they tell us to fuck off.”
Velocity said, “Figures.”
Binyelum ducked back into Mambele, grabbed the door, made as if to close it, then leaned their head back out into the night.
“I know something about those pylons that you don’t.”
CS and their partner looked at each other.
Binyelum pulled at the door.
CS called, “Wait!”
Binyelum smirked.
They leaned out once more.
CS said, “That thing really chased you here all the way from Bridgemall?”
Binyelum grinned.
“Yep.”
CS hesitated, then said, “How the fuck did you get away?”
Binyelum formed the index finger and thumb of their left hand into a gun and pointed it at the two silhouetted teenagers.
“Adaptability.”
CS shook their head once.
“Fuck.”
They looked at their partner, then back to Binyelum.
“Alright. Follow us.”
Bineylum gestured toward the rest of the Asterlings.
“Them too.”
CS shook their head.
“No way. Just you.”
Binyelum smiled warmly.
“Sorry, I don’t leave mine behind.”
CS sighed.
They again looked to their partner and back.
“Fine.”
They added, “Leave the car here.”
Binyelum gave another thumbs-up.
They looked over their shoulder.
“Astrobots, roll out.”
Oren said, “Heinous.”
Velocity said, “Yeah, that was really bad.”
Sebastian said, “You mean I have to be seen with you in public?”
Nancy smirked.
Binyelum rolled their eyes playfully.
CS called, “Leave your swords and masks.”
Binyelum nodded at the Asterlings, then popped the trunk.
Nancy opened her door, stood awkwardly into the night, and popped the seat.
Sebastian said to Jhansi, “Move it, piss princess.”
Jhansi glared.
“Fuck off.”
She followed Binyelum out onto the concrete.
The cool night air rushed over her skin, shocking her senses and filling her nose with the smell of the bay. Waves murmured just out of sight. Jhansi stretched, her elbows popping, her flats catching on a crack in the concrete.
Everything felt so vital.
Jhansi wondered if astronauts experienced anything like this after returning to Earth.
The Asterlings divested of their armaments. Binyelum closed the trunk, then leaned back into Mambele and pulled the key from the ignition. The headlights went out, plunging the two silhouettes back into the cloak, both figures now barely backlit by the headlights focused on the alterling’s corpse.
Binyelum produced their lighter.
The flame flickered across their features, sparkling in their eyes and teeth.
“Thanks for your time.”
The taller member of the Final Hand cursed under their breath.
They said, “Your arm.”
Everyone looked at Nancy.
Nancy raised her eyebrows in an expression of deep aggrievance.
Binyelum said, “What, didn’t your momma ever teach you about hyperviolence?”
Tallboy grunted.
CS said, “Head toward the Infinitis. We’ll follow you. Do anything stupid and you’re dead.”
Binyelum nodded.
“That is generally how it goes around here.”
Binyelum looked around, found Velocity and Sebastian, and gestured for them to go first. Oren fell in behind them. Binyelum raised their eyebrows at Jhansi. She quickly trotted to keep up with Oren. Nancy and Binyelum followed last.
A rhythmic rattling accompanied the heavy footfalls of the members of the Final Hand.
Did that have anything to do with their weird gauntlets?
They had a whole deal, huh?
Oren gave Jhansi a look.
Jhansi reciprocated.
Binyelum turned and said, “By the way, there’s an alterling lurking around out there. Some kinda bug guy.”
CS said, “We know.”
Binyelum shrugged.
CS said, in a hushed tone, “Okay but seriously, how the fuck did you get away from that thing?”
Binyelum grinned.
“I’ve got a gift.”
CS laughed mockingly.
“Ha ha.”
Well if Binyelum wouldn’t brag about the cool shit they’d done, Jhansi would just have to do it for them.
Jhansi said, “Binyelum and Nancy jumped Mambele.”
Binyelum shot her a look.
CS said, “What?”
Binyelum gave Jhansi an almost imperceptible shake of their head.
What the hell did that mean?
Jhansi opened her mouth, but Binyelum spoke over her.
“Nancy’s gift, we used it to jump up my Nissan.”
CS said, “What? Like, a speed boost? Is that even possible? How’s that work?”
Tallboy said, “Is that how she lost her arm?”
Binyelum said to CS, “We’re special.”
They said to Tallboy, “What do you think?”
CS scoffed.
Tallboy said, “Are you with The Things We Carry?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“Nope.”
CS said, “You’re a solo band, with a car-boosting gift, and you’ve already gotten noticed by the doctor.”
They paused, then added, “Who the fuck are you?”
Binyelum grinned.
“That’s just the tip.”
Velocity snorted.
Jhansi smiled to herself.
Of course others would recognize the Asterlings had some singular quality.
They had a destiny.
The scene around the fallen alterling came into focus as they stepped closer.
Two Infiniti G20s–a 1994 model and a 1999 model–and a 1990 Chevrolet Blazer circled the corpse. The same shade of true red paint glittered on the body of each vehicle, clearly detailed at the beginning of the night but bearing patches of grime around the wheel wells. Each license plate identifier began with an FH, followed by a zero-padded number: FH00598 and FH00599 on the Infinitis, and FH00200 on the Blazer.
Figures patrolled the perimeter in pairs.
Jhansi’s heart skipped a beat as she got a closer look.
What the fuck?
Endlings?
Had they stumbled into a trap?
She whirled around to warn Binyelum.
“Endli–”
From here the light from the vehicles illuminated the two silhouettes behind them.
Jhansi shut her mouth.
Oh.
The members of the Final Hand all wore armor built from endling bones, burnt black by some process of construction.
Helmets fashioned from endling skulls, jaws opened wide, shining teeth and tusks obscuring the faces of the wearers. Breastplates fashioned from rib cages, the bones broken and reassembled, fused together into an impenetrable barrier. Greaves fashioned from femurs, tibias, and fibulas, with jointed, pistoning bones connecting the pieces to armored jump boots. Gauntlets fashioned from phalanxes and claws, razored edges made retractable with some mechanism, extending past the wearer’s fingers when engaged.
Jhansi understood the little shrugging gesture CS had made when Tallboy had grabbed their wrist.
The retractable claws served another purpose besides in direct combat. The design of the gauntlets allowed the receiver to lock the giver’s hand in place, making separation impossible for the pair of them. Tallboy didn’t even have room to wiggle their fingers away from CS’s wrist.
CS and Tallboy both wore a sword at their side–a crowbar and a pipe wrench, respectively–and each also carried a long, serrated weapon fashioned from a single alterling bone on their backs.
Jhansi blinked.
CS said, “Excuse me?”
Binyelum shot Jhansi a look.
What did that mean?
Jhansi panicked.
“Your armor.”
Binyelum rolled their eyes.
Static flickered to life in Jhansi’s interior space.
CS said, “What about it?”
Jhansi gestured at them.
“It’s–”
She couldn’t think of anything better to say.
“–bones.”
CS snorted.
Tallboy turned to Binyelum.
“She a fucking windshield painter or something?”
Windshield painter?
What the fuck did that mean?
Jhansi said, “What?”
Binyelum gave her another look.
They said to Tallboy, “What do you think?”
Tallboy snickered.
CS said, “You guys really are full of surprises.”
Jhansi said, “What’s a windshield painter?”
Oren said, “I’ll explain it to you later.”
Jhansi huffed.
She turned back toward the alterling corpse.
Pairs of Final Hand soldiers worked in tandem to disassemble the monster's body, carving methodically into the hard flesh of the legs with those long serrated weapons, carting segments into organized piles lined up along a wall of shipping containers. A pair of soldiers supervised this work. Others worked to disassemble the rocky island body of the alterling, with much less success. A solitary pair struggled to pull one of the pylons free.
“What’s this?”
Jhansi whipped around.
Another tall soldier walked toward the group, with two more soldiers locked together flanking behind. They moved with more grace than their peers, their stride fluid even in spite of the bulky armor. A bright, polished section of rebar hung at their side. They didn’t carry any other weapons.
CS and Tallboy stiffened. CS tugged away from Tallboy. Both soldiers saluted, placing their right hand over their heart and extending their left hand, palm up.
Both said, “Captain.”
Captain nodded.
CS and Tallboy relaxed.
Captain repeated themselves.
“What’s this?”
They nodded at the Asterlings.
CS said, “Looks like they’re the reason that thing showed up.”
Captain said nothing.
They looked toward the corpse, then up toward the moon, then toward the Asterlings, then back toward the soldiers.
“What the hell does that mean? They led it here?”
CS shook their head.
“No sir. It chased them.”
Captain huffed.
“That’s the same thing, Carden.”
Carden stammered.
Captain turned to the Asterlings.
“You led that thing here?”
Binyelum nodded.
“More or less. We led it to the Strawberri Eight.”
Captain looked toward the city, then back toward Binyelum.
“Why?”
Binyelum said evenly, “To get away from it.”
Captain crossed their arms.
“So how’d you end up down here?”
“We got away.”
Captain shook their head.
“You think you’re smart?”
Binyelum smiled ruefully.
“Bad habit.”
They added, “We followed it.”
“You’re telling me you managed to escape that thing, and then you turned around and followed it? Why would you do something that stupid?”
Binyelum scratched the back of their head.
“Ahhh. Well it’s pretty embarrassing, now that I have to say it to a soldier.”
Captain rolled their eyes.
“Really?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“We wanted to see if we could get the doctor to mention us again.”
Captain snorted.
“The doctor mentioned you?”
Binyelum nodded.
“That thing caught up with us at Bridgemall.”
Captain looked toward the soldiers disassembling the corpse.
They stood silent for a long moment.
At last they said, “You dumbasses,” still keeping their attention on the working soldiers.
Binyelum chuckled nervously.
Captain continued.
“You just couldn’t stop yourselves, could you? Had to go and show your fucking faces here. Dumbass clout chasers. What were you expecting? A warm welcome?”
They turned back to face Binyelum.
“You think the doctor gives a shit how many of my men I had to watch die because of that thing?”
Binyelum raised both hands.
They said, with direct sincerity, “Pej. I am so sorry.”
Captain rolled their eyes.
“I should–”
They cut themselves off.
They huffed.
“Whatever.”
They turned to Carden.
“Why the hell did you bring them over here?”
Carden nodded.
“That one said they knew something useful about the pylons attached to that thing’s body.”
Captain looked at Binyelum, then toward the corpse.
“Frankly, Carden, I don’t really give a shit.”
Nobody said anything.
At last Carden said, “What should we do with them?”
Captain shook their head.
“I don’t care. Throw them into the bay.”
Carden blanched.
“Captain?”
Captain shook their head again.
“No. Don’t throw them into the bay.”
They paused, then added, “I really don’t care. Send them to the others. They’re a good fit.”
Carden nodded.
Both Carden and Tallboy saluted.
“Captain.”
Captain nodded, turned, and headed toward their men, both flanking soldiers following quickly behind.
Carden, Tallboy, and the Asterlings watched them walk away.
Binyelum shrugged.
“I really am sorry.”
Carden said, “Shut up.”
They gestured over their shoulder.
“Get moving.”
Binyelum said, “Where to?”
Tallboy said, “The Idea of a Place We’ve Never Been.”
Binyelum’s face lit up.
“That’s why you’re here!”
Tallboy huffed.
“Whatever.”
Carden gestured.
“Come on. Move it.”
Binyelum nodded at the Asterlings.
“You heard ‘em.”
They headed back the way they’d come, away from the circle of headlights, back into the oppressive dark.
Binyelum said, “You’re not gonna watch my Nissan, are you?”
Carden laughed.
Binyelum nodded.
“Figures.”
Tallboy said, “You can park it down with the others.”
Binyelum nodded again.
Carden gestured out into the night.
“Alright. Step off the concrete here. Head toward the grain elevator. Underneath it you’ll–”
Jhansi interrupted.
“The one where that alterling was crawling around?!”
Carden laughed.
“Yep.”
Jhansi looked at Binyelum.
She couldn’t get the picture of the alterling from the Washington Tower out of her head.
Binyelum put their hand on her shoulder.
“It’ll be fine.”
Tallboy said, “No wonder she pissed herself.”
Jhansi said, “Shut up!”
Tallboy laughed.
Carden said, “Underneath the grain elevator, the ground will start sloping toward the water. Turn left and it should be pretty obvious from there.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Thanks.”
Carden shrugged.
“Following orders.”
Binyelum nodded again.
“I get that.”
They paused, then added, “I hope you make it to the end.”
Carden shook their head.
“Tch.”
They turned to Tallboy, exchanged a look, and both headed back toward their compatriots.
Binyelum watched them go.
Jhansi said, “What’s a windshield painter?”
Binyelum laughed.
Sebastian said, “It means you’re birdshit.”
Jhansi made a face.
“You’re birdshit.”
Sebastian snorted.
Oren said, “It means you died on your very first night as an endling.”	
Jhansi frowned.
“What?”
Binyelum wiggled their index finger at her.
“It means you’re a worm.”
Jhansi scowled.
“Fuck off. I was never an endling.”
Binyelum shook their head.
“Sure thing, wormling.”
Jhansi glowered.
“No. No way. Absolutely not.”
Binyelum giggled.
“You’re the one who asked for a new title. I’m just trying to work with you.”
Static lashed throughout Jhansi’s interior space.
“You’re being a dick!”
Binyelum’s mouth fell into a hard line.
They raised both hands.
“Fine, whatever.”
Everyone stared at Jhansi.
Static stabbed through the back of her chest.
Fuck.
Jhansi crossed her arms.
She sneered, “Why’d you let them think I painted a windshield?”
Sebastian corrected, “You’re a windshield painter.”
Binyelum sighed.
“Better than trying to explain why you think you weren’t ever an endling.”
Jhansi groaned.
“Guys. I wasn’t.”
Binyelum raised both hands.
They deadpanned, “Right, right.”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
Velocity said, “Are we gonna do this all night?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“No. Let’s go join the party.”
Oren said, “You still haven’t told us where we’re going next.”
Binyelum paused.
They looked out toward the water.
They kept silent.
Velocity said, “Um. Hello?”
Bineylum said, “Let’s join the party first.”
Sebastian said, “After all that, you’re gonna leave Kiran hanging?”
Binyelum’s features shifted into an expression Jhansi didn’t understand.
They waited a long moment before replying.
“I think we could use the break.”
Oren gave Bineylum a long look.
Velocity shrugged.
“Fine by me.”
Sebastian raised both eyebrows.
“I can hang.”
Nancy’s mouth flattened into a line.
Binyelum said, “Let’s go.”
The Asterlings ducked back into Mambele. Jhansi again ended up on Oren’s lap. The deck of playing cards stared up at her from the floor behind the passenger’s seat. She grabbed it, and found the Sharpie lying in the darkness beside it.
The marker looked black.
Waitaminute.
Mambele reversed, then trundled toward the grain elevator, dismounting the concrete and crunching through the gravel.
Oren said, “Lucky break.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Money in the bank.”
Oren cocked his head.
“I meant us.”
Binyelum looked in the rearview mirror.
“You think?”
Oren knit his brows.
“They took care of that thing. You like the idea of having it prowling around all night with a fucking chip on its shoulder?”
Velocity said, “Boulder shoulder.”
Sebastian said, “What?”
Velocity reached across Jhansi and punched Sebastian’s shoulder.
Velocity said, “Because it’s an island.”
Sebastian deadpanned, “Wow.”
Binyelum said to Oren, “I dunno. Maybe it would’ve taken care of some other problems for us.”
Oren rolled his eyes.
“Tch.”
Binyelum narrowed their eyes.
“What’s going on back there?”
Oren shook his head.
“Nothing.”
Binyelum raised both eyebrows.
“Top ten signs your man is hiding something number fucking two, buddy.”
Oren let his head fall back against the car seat.
They passed beneath the grain elevator.
Jhansi swallowed.
Somewhere up there a disgusting alterling crept around, insect legs clinging to old metal as it leaned to watch them, Mambele reflected a thousand times in its bulging compound eyes.
A large, glistening barb punctured straight through Mambele’s roof, plunging into Oren’s skull, crushing his forehead, forcing both eyeballs from their sockets, a gush of blood spurting from his open mouth.
Oren said, “I just feel bad.”
Wait, what?
Jhansi swallowed again.
Her entire body shivered.
Fuck, she hated that.
Binyelum smiled warmly.
“You feel bad?”
Oren shrugged.
“Yeah.”
Binyelum cocked their head.
“About what?”
Oren shrugged again.
“The Final Hand guys.”
Binyelum nodded slowly.
“Ah. Yes. You would.”
Oren sat up and angrily threw his hands in the air.
“I just–”
He closed his mouth.
Binyelum said, “Everyone on the ground floor has it tough. You know that.”
Oren shrugged.
“They just get the shit end of everything.”
Binyelum nodded.
“That’s their choice.”
Mambele’s headlights dipped over a sudden dropoff, marked by a short concrete barricade. Binyelum turned the wheel to the left. The headlights found solid ground again, sloping away from them, down toward a semicircle of ten pairs of beaming headlights. Colored lights flickered in the center of the scene, not nebulites, but ones that strobed and swirled and danced, transitioning from hue to hue. The thump of uptempo music echoed up the slope.
Oren huffed.
“Is it?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“They could be out here with us.”
Oren shook his head.
“That’s not what I mean. I mean …”
He gestured again.
Binyelum said, “You mean, everyone sitting on top of them?”
Oren punched the seat with both fists.
“Yes!”
Binyelum nodded.
“I get that.”
They added, “But it’s not like it’s a secret.”
Oren sighed.
“I know.”
He added, “It still sucks.”
Jhansi pointed to the vortex of color.
“What’s that?”
Velocity said, “The Idea of a Place We’ve Never Been.”
Jhansi rocked her head back and forth between her shoulders.
“Yeah yeah yeah, but what is it?”
Binyelum said, “Party kids.”
Jhansi blinked.
“Party kids?”
Velocity grinned.
“Sex, drugs, rock and roll. You know, all that stuff you do in your free time.”
Jhansi’s eyes shot wide.
“What?”
She looked at Binyelum.
“Why?”
Binyelum laughed.
“Why what, princess?”
Jhansi made a face.
“Why would anyone want to do any of that stuff?”
Binyelum smirked.
“Why indeed, prudeling.”
Jhansi huffed.
“I mean tonight.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Me too.”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
“What the hell, Binyelum.”
Binyelum shrugged.
“Why is this different from any other night?”
Jhansi gestured around floppily.
“Because they’re going to fucking die!”
Binyelum raised both eyebrows.
“Don’t you want to have sex, do drugs, and listen to rock and roll before you die?”
Jhansi scowled.
“I–”
She crossed her arms.
Velocity laughed.
Sebastian said, “Wee woo, wee woo, purity police.”
Jhansi shot him a look.
“It’s not like that! I just–”
She gestured around again.
“–think people should have different priorities.”
Binyelum chuckled.
“That’s your prerogative, prudeling.”
Jhansi blinked.
“Wait.”
She narrowed her eyes.
“You’re not–”
She looked around at everyone else.
“You’re all gonna do that stuff?”
All the other Asterlings shrugged in unison, even Nancy, who hadn’t turned around once during the conversation.
Fuck.
Jhansi blushed.
Binyelum said, “You’re welcome to join.”
Jhansi said nothing.
She tried to imagine hitting a joint or whatever with Binyelum.
Static fucking roiled through her interior space, slashing across her back and arms.
Fuck.
The music grew louder, and with it came the sound of voices.
Jhansi leaned forward, curious in spite of her anxiety.
Three more red Infiniti G20s sat idling in the semicircle, a 1995 model, a 1996 model, and a 2002 model. A wide variety of other vehicles crowded in and around those. Jhansi noticed a beige 1981 Toyota Cressida, a light blue 1989 Honda Civic, and a lime green 1993 Isuzu Amigo, before something else pulled her attention.
Two pairs of teenagers stood in the center of the crowd, clasping hands and bobbing their heads with the music. The white light strobing across the scene beamed from the body of the long-haired teenager in the first pair, every exposed inch of their skin bursting with light patterned to emphasize the rhythm and drops in the music. The colored lights spiraling across the scene beamed from the eyes and mouth of the tattooed teenager in the second pair, hues shifting to emphasize tonal changes in the music.
The music itself emanated from another pair of teenagers who stood further back on the beach, clasping both each other’s hands and dancing together. The shorter of the two seemed to lead, their partner responding with liquid grace to their wild, jerky gyrations. Tiny Dancer’s movements synchronized perfectly with the music, and as Jhansi watched she realized that TD probably created the music with their movements.
Jhansi’s mouth fell open.
“Gifts?”
Binyelum grinned.
“Yep. Gifts.”
Jhansi looked around at everyone.
“How’s that help you fight Egaeus?”
Velocity said, “Helps you have a good time.”
Sebastian said, “How’s your gift help us fight Egaeus?”
Jhansi made a face.
Binyelum parked Mambele outside the semicircle, but made sure to point the headlights toward the center.
They left the key in the ignition and popped open their door.
“Let’s go make a scene.”
They stood, dramatically running a hand through their hair.
Nancy, Sebastian, and Velocity all filed out of Mambele.
Jhansi stayed put.
Oren said, “I do kind of want to go.”
Jhansi blinked at him.
“Sorry.”
She climbed out into the night.
Oren followed right behind.

Jhansi Aur - Encounter IV End

Kills
0000 - Binyelum
0000 - Oren
0000 - Velocity
0000 - Sebastian
0000 - Nancy
0000 - Jhansi

Shares
???? - Binyelum
???? - Oren
???? - Velocity
???? - Sebastian
???? - Nancy
0000 - Jhansi

Duration: ?? minutes

Rank: Overflowing Fountain
