Encounter III
[1340 MINUTES REMAINING]
Lunar Terminator @ 6.94% Luminosity

Partway through the seventeenth century, Swedish settlers arrived on the eastern coastline of the North American continent. They sailed south along the land inhabited by the Lenape people, eventually coming across a wide, recessed bay, its mouth protected by a long, narrow, rocky and uninhabitable island. They passed into the bay, continuing until they reached the furthest inland point of the bay’s triangular body, where the water flowed into a river that stretched further into the continent. They weighed anchor and established a colony.
Over several centuries, and through a storied history of violence, that colony grew into the port city of St. Alëmskaan’machi, the largest metropolitan area in the state of Delaware and one of the preeminent American economic hubs. An expansive port stretched along the southern edge of Goldbar Bay, opposite the industrial district to the north. Shipping traffic entered the bay through the passage south of the Portvaktens Palats, the barrier island, and exited via the northern passage.
The metal spires of the downtown district rose in a crowd near the Brightbird River estuary, and the rest of the city sprawled inland, divided by the river itself, with privileged neighborhoods stretching northward and working class neighborhoods relegated to the south. A series of eclectic, beloved bridges connected both halves of the city, most of them designed for automotive traffic, a handful exclusively for foot traffic.
The Bridgemall Commercial Park served a different purpose. A tied-arch design held aloft the two-story, one-hundred and fifty meter structure, which spanned the Brightbird River from north to south, about two miles inland from the estuary. Inside, shoppers could patronize any of the mall’s two-hundred trendy stores, or enjoy a meal at the food court, where two specially engineered glass floors, one connecting both mezzanines on the second floor and the other serving as the main walkway on the first floor, granted a nearly unobstructed view of the river more than fifty meters below.
Jhansi said, “I love Bridgemall!”
She paused, then added, “What’s at Bridgemall?”
Bineylum said, “We’re looking for someone.”
Right, Oren had said something about that.
Someone with a K name?
Jhansi asked, “What’s the deal with that? How do you know they’re supposed to be with you? How come they’re not?”
Binyelum dragged their fingers across the shifter.
“I know she’s supposed to be with us because I saw her in the daydreaming. We all saw each other, that’s part of how it works.”
Yet another anomaly in Jhansi’s experience.
Great.
Nebulites blinked into the cabin at uneven intervals.
Binyelum said, “I don’t know why she wasn’t close by when the netherlume shift started tonight.”
They paused, then added, “It worries me.”
Jhansi asked, “But she’s at Bridgemall?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“No. But it looks like there’s probably an endling at Bridgemall who knows where she is.”
Jhansi blinked.
“You learned that from the memory card you crushed?”
Binyelum said, “We all learned it.”
Velocity bucked their legs, bouncing Jhansi.
“Didn’t you break a memory card too?”
Jhansi frowned.
She looked across at Oren, searching his face for support as she replied.
“Well. Yeah. I just–”
Binyelum interrupted.
“She has a hard time with the memories.”
Oren blinked at her.
Velocity made a small noise.
“Figures.”
Sebastian looked pained.
“And you’re still sure she’s not gonna fuck anything up?”
Jhansi said, “Hey!”
Binyelum shrugged.
“I prefer practice over theory.”
Sebastian made a face, pressing together his lips and bugging out his eyes.
Thorns of static began to grow in Jhansi’s interior space. She pushed them back down, hard, smashing their roots. It hurt, but it would hurt a lot more to lose control on Velocity’s lap.
She said, “What’s it like? Seeing a memory like that?”
Sebastian’s expression turned into a theatrical leer.
“I watched through an endling’s eyes as it ate a teenager’s head.”
Sebastian’s leer widened. His eyes went manic, and distant. He spoke breathlessly.
Jhansi swallowed.
Sebastian continued.
“I felt it. All of it. Not just the way their body twitched and squirmed in my grip, but the way I felt about it. I loved it. It felt so good, seeing them so helpless and pathetic and amusing. Their squealing resonated in my mouth. I could taste their tears and snot on my tongue. I salivated. And chewed. I felt designed for it. Just a little pressure and–”
Sebastian laughed.
“–their squealing pitched up like a fucking cartoon. It was so fucking funny! I couldn’t hold back. I bit down. Their skull gave way all at once, shattering and caving in. Brains squeezed into my mouth like fucking easy cheese. Their whole life spurted onto my tongue and I swallowed it down.”
What?
Jhansi said, “That’s–”
Sebastian kept going.
“They pissed and shit them–”
Nancy reached from the front seat and slapped Sebastian’s face.
He blinked. A spot of pink blossomed where Nancy had struck. He raised a hand and touched it. He swallowed.
“Sorry.”
Nancy stared at him with an indecipherable expression.
Jhansi blinked.
What the fuck?
She breathed hard, practically snorting through flared nostrils. Blood pounded in her ears. Her stomach felt hot and tight.
What the hell did this feeling mean?
For a moment nobody spoke.
At last Binyelum asked, “Did you get to see their gift?”
Sebastian shook their head.
“What?”
Binyelum expounded.
“That special one, they had a gift. Did you get to see them use it?”
Sebastian paused.
“Actually, yeah, I did.”
“Well, what was it?”
A vacant seafood market emerged from the cloak on their right. Somewhere behind its boarded up windows a nebulite emitted a soft blue glow. Orange blood dripped down the graffiti painted across its facade.
“Their gift was a mobility boost, a kind of jump, I guess? When they shared their gift they’d launch you forward and upward, pretty hard, without any kind of charge up at all, at a little less than a forty-five degree angle. You’d even get a little animated motion line afterimage. I watched them throw a special one with a pipe wrench straight into an endling’s face. The wrench smashed through the endling’s eye. It was a killswing.”
Binyelum nodded.
“That’s a pretty neat gift.”
Jhansi stared through Sebastian and tried to clear her thoughts.
Binyelum said, “It's probably going to be like that at Bridgemall.”
What?
Jhansi thought about watching through Mambele’s window as the Asterlings had fought those endlings in the cafe. If they had lost, would it have ended like Sebastian had just described? Jhansi swallowed.
Binyelum pulled into a parking lot. Jhansi whipped around. They couldn’t have already reached Bridgemall. No way, not yet.
Binyelum pulled the parking brake and again left the engine running. They exited Mambele, and popped the seat forward. Nancy filed out, and Sebastian and Oren followed her.
Velocity said, “Come on, princess, let’s get going.”
Jhansi blinked.
She blushed and hurried out of the car. Velocity followed. They left the door open.
Jhansi looked around. Binyelum hadn’t parked anywhere with a nebulite. Jhansi couldn’t see far into the cloak, but still, this didn’t look like Bridgemall at all.
Jhansi asked, “Where are we?”
Binyelum pointed upward.
“The Washington Center.”
Jhansi looked but couldn’t see shit.
She said, “I can’t see shit.”
Binyelum laughed.
“Yeah. It’ll get easier to see through the cloak as the moon gets full. But we still have to scout the path to Bridgemall.”
Jhansi blinked.
“Scout?”
Sebastian laughed.
“Do you know the safest way to Bridgemall?”
Jhansi thought for a second.
“I guess probably head south from wherever we are until we reach one of the wider neighborhood avenues that will take us onto the highway, and from there we–”
Sebastian interrupted.
“And you’re sure there’s nothing waiting on the highway?”
Jhansi blinked.
“What?”
Sebastian blinked back at her.
“If I was a thirty-eight caliber alterling looking to pick off some dumb, easy special ones at the beginning of the netherlume shift, I’d lurk around highways for sure. Who wouldn’t want to take the quick way through the city?”
Jhansi blinked again.
“Oh fuck.”
Sebastian nodded.
“She begins to understand!”
Jhansi turned to Binyelum.
“But how are you going to be able to scout anything in–”
She gestured around her.
“–this?”
Binyelum laughed.
“Not very well. But we have to try.”
Jhansi looked up, supposedly toward the Washington Center Tower.
“Are there endlings up there?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“Won’t know ‘til we get there.”
Jhansi looked back at them.
“Fuck.”
Binyelum nodded.
“She begins to understand.”
Jhansi blinked yet again.
Velocity said, “C’mon, princess, let’s get going.”
Jhansi looked around at Velocity, then back at Binyelum.
“What if it’s locked?”
Sebastian laughed again.
“Oh no, we break a rule.”
Jhansi stared at him.
Asshole.
She said, “Fine.”
Sebastian threw up his hands.
Binyelum said, “C’mon.”
They popped the trunk, and everyone went to retrieve their swords. Jhansi learned what else they had packed into the trunk. She watched as Sebastian retrieved their flower crown and placed it on their head. The oversaturated vibrance of the petals again stood out starkly against the night. Velocity reached in and pulled out an astronaut’s helmet. The reflective surface of the gold-coated visor glowed steadily and emphatically, and the white curve of the helmet gleamed. Oren grabbed a pair of black open back mixing headphones, the cable severed about four inches down. The artfully engineered edges seemed to actively cut into the scenery around them. Bineylum grabbed a headband with a pair of fox ears fixed on top. Jhansi had never seen a shade of orange that bright in her life. Nancy abstained from grabbing anything.
Nancy had a whole deal, huh?
Jhansi grabbed her red fire extinguisher and the canvas bag, and pulled down Mambele’s trunk. The Asterlings turned toward the Wasthington Center Tower. Jhansi hurried to catch up.
She turned to Oren and said, “We didn’t scout between that 7-11 and Rue’s Cafe.”
Oren shrugged.
“It was early in the night. It’s …”
He trailed off, then concluded, “It’s hard to run into the wrong crowds, that early.”
He paused, then added, “Usually.”
Jhansi watched him.
He added, “Plus, where would we have scouted from around there?”
Jhansi thought for a second.
“There’s that apartment building.”
Oren nodded.
“Ah, yeah. That apartment building.”
They reached the hemisphere of stairs leading up to the glass front doors of the Washington Center Tower.
Jhansi said, “You know what I mean.”
Binyelum raised a foot and pressed it against one of the glass doors leading into the building. Jhansi looked past them, through the glass and into darkness. She could see nothing.
Binyelum leaned on the door. Nothing happened. They put their hands in the pockets of their jacket and lowered their leg.
They turned toward Nancy and said, “The honors, executioner.”
Nancy gave them a dry smile.
She stepped forward and brought her ax crashing down onto the door. It buckled. Glass shattered in a spray. It looked so strange, without any light to refract. The metal pull handle smashed against the marble tile inside the building and ricocheted away, the percussion of it echoing back through the space of the lobby beyond. 
Binyelum grinned.
“K’O.”
Nancy rolled her eyes.
Sebastian yelled, “Hey, I thought we were trying to be smart.”
Binyelum looked at him.
“I’m not tiptoeing through the entire netherlume shift.”
Sebastian threw up his hands.
“I’m not asking you to tiptoe, but do you really think that was smart?”
Binyelum looked at Nancy.
“I don’t know, Nancy. What do you think? Was that smart?”
Nancy stared at them.
Binyelum turned back to Sebastian.
“Nancy agrees. It wasn’t smart.”
Binyelum pushed the door open with their foot. They stepped into the lobby of the Washington Center Tower. Nancy followed without looking back.
Sebastian said, “Sonofabitch.”
The rest of the Asterlings headed inside. Jhansi took up the rear. Glass crunched under her feet as she stepped through the open doorway. She could hear the scale of the open space in the lobby, but not see it. It felt disorienting.
