Encounter II
[1365 MINUTES REMAINING]
Lunar Terminator @ 5.21% Luminosity

Oren chirped, “We're here,” and pulled Mambele into another parking lot.
The car’s headlights traced the shape of a cafe that Jhansi recognized. The light bloomed through large windows, throwing bands of gold across an interior lit by deep red nebulites. Inside, several teenagers fought against a group of endlings.
Oren hissed, “Pejudo lo anmo.”
He stepped hard on the brake, then hit the clutch, squeezed the steering wheel trigger, and slammed the shifter back down into park. Mambele jerked to a halt. Oren popped the trunk as Velocity threw open their door and hurled themself outside. Jhansi turned in her seat and watched Velocity run to retrieve their sword, then pelt toward the cafe. Oren followed, slamming down the trunk before taking off running.
Oren headed toward the narrow entryway door to the cafe. Velocity made straight for the front windows, one of which gaped wide, the pane shattered. They vaulted unscathed through the opening, up onto the seat of a dining booth, stepped forward, and brought their bat hard against the back of an endling's skull.
The monster stumbled forward. A second later its body staggered backward as its head completely fucking exploded. Jhansi saw a flash of cyan in the shape of a fireman’s ax and heard a harsh mid-frequency metallic ringing.
So every sword made a different killchime.
The endling's corpse fell back against the dining table and Jhansi's attention shifted to the teenager wielding the fireman’s ax. They wore soft pink pastels. Their face looked manic, dripping orange blood, with wide eyes that stared back at Jhansi.
Binyelum?
Jhansi looked away. She looked for Oren and couldn’t find him in the fighting. Did he need help? She hadn’t even thought to follow.
Jhansi lunged forward and immediately the seatbelt jerked her to a stop. She cursed, unbuckled herself, and stumbled out onto the asphalt. The door swung back and banged against her elbow. She scraped her palm as she pushed herself upright.
Fucking stupid.
So now what?
Jhansi looked around for anything that resembled a weapon.
Inside the cafe, a stocky teenager dressed entirely in white swung a barbell in a wild arc to deflect an endling’s swiping attack. Metal and claws connected and ricocheted with a force that set Jhansi’s teeth on edge. Oren’s chainlock appeared from behind the entryway door and connected with the back of the endling’s skull. The monster stumbled forward, and Snowy scrambled backward, still recovering from their last parry.
Velocity now stood atop a different dining table. They knelt, using their knee to brace their swing, and brought their bat into the endling’s face. The monster fell hard onto its back. Princess Fireman loomed. Their ax traced a massive magenta semicircle in the air. It flashed cyan, the endling’s head exploded, and another killchime rang out.
Had that ended it?
Jhansi hadn’t done anything to help.
A shape swelled and erupted from the shadows deeper inside the cafe. A muscular, monstrous arm, desaturated red in color, swung wildly forward and smashed into the cash register. Bills and coins scattered in the light. The box hurled through the air and caught Velocity square in the chest. They exhaled a quick, surprised groan and toppled backward. Snowy tripped as they dodged the attack, then scrambled backward on their ass. The red endling lurched in pursuit, obliterating part of the counter with another powerful swing. It looked considerably more massive than the other endlings.
The red endling brought both its fists together and raised them above its head. PF readied their ax with both hands. Snowy sat frozen in panic, clinging to their weapon, holding it out straight in front of them. The endling’s swing started before PF’s and Jhansi knew that PF couldn’t catch it in time.
Fuck.
Oren’s chainlock battered the back of the endling's skull. The monster stumbled mid-swing, both fists hammering down directly onto Snowy’s weapon, knocking it out of their hands so that it ricocheted off the floor. The incoming ax didn’t connect with the endling’s head, but sunk deep into its left shoulder. The monster roared and recoiled, wrenching the ax from PF’s grip as it pulled back, then swept the air with its right arm. Snowy ducked and narrowly dodged the attack, which hit PF hard and sent them spinning to their knees.
Oren’s chainlock cut the air again, but the endling had already started to turn, and with open claws it caught the weapon mid-flight. Oren strained, unable to pull free his sword. Velocity grunted and struggled to sit up. Snowy crawled on all fours toward their barbell. PF stood weaponless. The endling would disarm Oren and kill him.
Fuck.
A flash of gold split Jhansi’s vision. The endling screamed. Its hand fell to the floor, still gripping the chainlock. Orange blood fountained.
A teenager vaulted over the front counter. Their flawless dismount landed them crouching in front of the red endling. They looked upward at their enemy. A grimace of delight lit up their face, lips stretching wide to show bright animal teeth, exhilarated eyes titanically fixed on their target. They produced a glittering gold machete, both hands gripping the handle so that their veins stood out. They squared their shoulders, tensed their legs, and barked.
“Love this.”
They launched themselves upward. The endling slashed aimlessly with its remaining arm. The machete plunged straight and deep into the monster’s throat. Orange blood splashed into the teenager’s face. Claws raked their back, tearing their black jacket and spilling red blood. The teenager shouted. The monster gurgled. Its eyes rolled back. Its mouth fell open and more orange blood bubbled out. It swatted, beating hard against the teenager. They grunted but held tight to the machete.
They said, “Take care.”
The machete glowed, outlined in magenta. The teenager twisted their weapon hard and the magenta flashed to cyan. Jhansi heard the squelch and tear of flesh, and the high frequency digital shout of the killchime. Wads of pulpy viscera burst from the wound. The teenager yanked their weapon free and leapt neatly away, turning their back to the endling as it fell to its knees. It reached, claws grasping, trying to land one final strike in the throes of death.
It collapsed.
Holy.
Fuck.
Jhansi whispered, “Wow.”
Oren shouted, “Binyelum!”
Binyelum raised a hand.
“Hi.”
They turned to face the other teenagers.
“Friends. It’s so good to see you.”
Binyelum paused and stared through the shattered window at Jhansi.
She stood transfixed by a pair of brown eyes so dark they looked black.
The light from Mambele’s headlights glared off the orange blood that dripped from Binyelum’s body, sharpening the contrast between the glowing viscera and the teenager’s dark skin.
Jhansi swallowed hard.
Binyelum pointed their machete at her.
They asked, “Who’s that?”
Oren didn’t answer and instead insisted, “Duet, you're hurt.”
Velocity explained, “That’s Jhansi.”
Binyelum repeated, “Jhansi.”
They cocked their head to one side, a blatantly canine gesture, and floated their gaze across Jhansi’s body. Jhansi stared at them in turn. She saw an eighteen-year-old nonbinary dark-skinned Black teen of average height, wearing a tight, cropped jacket and black skinny jeans. The jacket looked like a hoodie, but with a front zipper and a high collar instead of a hood. They wore a black belt with a gold buckle, and black high top oxfords with gold laces. They’d done their hair in cornrows, and maybe applied the faintest touch of gold blush to their cheeks.
Binyelum concluded, “I don’t think she’s supposed to be here.”
Velocity replied, “Yeah, but the rest of us are,” biting just a little with their words.
Bineylum smiled softly.
They replied, “Yeah,” and finally looked away from Jhansi, turning toward where Velocity stood on the dining table.
“You’re Velocity. Get down here so I can give you a hug.”
Velocity laughed once, then jumped, landing hard on the red endling corpse.
They pleaded, “Dad, can’t we just play catch?”
Bineylum’s smile widened.
“Sweetheart, the last time we played you threw the ball so hard you ruined the neighbor's chance at finding love.”
Velocity barked.
They stepped down from the corpse, composed their expression, and shook their head.
“Don’t call me sweetheart.”
Binyelum nodded gravely.
“Not in front of your friends, I understand.”
They pulled Velocity into a hug.
Snowy stepped closer to Binyelum. Jhansi examined the sixteen-year-old Jewish trans boy more thoroughly. Her initial impression of his monochrome outfit proved wrong. He wore an acid washed denim vest splashed with pale red, blue, and gold paint, along with a plain white t-shirt and white joggers, and a pair of white low top Chucks outlined in gold. On his head he wore a crown of woven spring flowers, the colors noisily vibrant in Jhansi’s vision, pulling at her attention.
Had he worn that through the entire fight?
He said, “Hey, Binyelum, you’re hurt. I don’t wanna run out of time.”
Binyelum gave Velocity a tight squeeze then turned.
They smiled and said, “Sebastian. I’m glad you’re okay.”
Binyelum reached an arm toward Sebastian, who grabbed their wrist.
Sebastian shook his head and said, “Bold assumption, but let's go with it.”
His flower crown flashed gold. Binyelum and Jhansi gasped at the same moment, but made different sounds. Binyelum grimaced and reflexively returned Sebastian’s grip. Rays of gold light streamed from Binyelum’s wounded back, then faded. The teenager let out a sharp sigh.
Sharing a gift.
Huh.
But why the crown? The colors had dimmed, no longer demanding all of Jhansi's attention. Some kind of indicator about the number of shares remaining?
Binyelum said, “Thank you,” and pulled Sebastian into a tight hug.
Sebastian kept his arms limp at his sides and received the hug.
He mumbled, “Well shucks.”
He pulled away and scratched the back of his head. Jhansi saw his blush. It seemed fair.
Binyelum turned toward Oren.
They said, “You did a great job.”
Oren sighed and let his shoulders sag. He opened his mouth, then closed it. Binyelum stepped forward and Oren accepted this quick, tight hug. He pulled away and gestured around. 
“You said you would be safe if I left you here.”
Binyelum raised an eyebrow. They put both hands on Oren’s shoulders. Oren held their gaze.
They explained, “I said I’d make sure everyone was taken care of.”
Oren threw his hands wide.
“You could have died!”
Binyelum shrugged.
“I will.”
“Duet! That’s not–”
But Oren didn’t have anything else to say.
Binyelum continued.
“Your sword got some experience.”
They nodded toward the weapon.
“You did a great job.”
Oren stood for a long moment, then made an indecipherable sound.
“You did too.”
Binyelum grinned.
“Thanks. We’re just getting started.”
They gave Oren another, longer hug, then turned to face PF, who stood caked bodily in orange blood, holding their ax loose by their side.
Binyelum said, “Nancy.”
Nancy nodded and stepped forward. The twenty-year-old mixed Asian girl stood taller than Binyelum. She wore a light pink track jacket with lime green racing stripes down the sleeves, tight peach-colored athletic shorts, and black-and-white Converse Weapons. She had pulled her strikingly black hair back into a high ponytail with a white scrunchie. Her face remained expressionless for a long moment, then her mouth lifted into a slight smile. She leaned in and hugged Binyelum.
Binyelum added, “Killer.”
Nancy stood from the hug, her face starkly expressionless again, her eyes hooded to hemispheres. Binyelum squeezed her arm. She tilted her head and raised her eyebrows.
Binyelum said, in a strangely reassuring tone of voice, “I must be so lonely at the top.”
Nancy gave a dark smirk.
Binyelum turned.
“And that leaves Jhansi.”
Jhansi realized all of a sudden that Binyelum meant to give her a hug.
She swallowed hard.
Fuck. What the fuck? Their arms pulling her in close, their chest pressed against her face, feeling their warmth, learning their scent. What? Not in front of everyone else. No way. How fucking embarrassing. On top of every other fucking thing? Absolutely not. She hadn’t even participated in the fight! Except for the fucking scrape on her palm. Fuck.
She thought about the production of it, everyone filing out of the cafe to surround her, clapping and whistling or whatever while Bineylum locked her into an inescapable embrace. 
Could she turn it down?
Not without looking like a weirdo.
Fuck.
So, what?
Quick footsteps rang out across the parking lot. Jhansi hurried into the building, deliberately passing close by the shattered window. She looked inside as she did, skipping once and raising an arm in salute.
Charming, right?
She called out, “Yes sir! I held the line, kept the enemy reinforcements at bay.”
Jhansi crossed through the entryway and found Velocity heading toward her.
They stopped and shouldered their bat.
“That’s exactly what the enemy reinforcements would say.”
Jhansi stopped too, and blinked.
“Huh?”
Binyelum stepped forward.
They added, “She’s a bad guy?”
Jhansi turned to face Binyelum, her expression completely out of her control. Binyelum caught and held her gaze. She felt ridiculous in her sudden vulnerability. She also couldn’t read Binyelum’s expression at all. They didn’t look away. Their jaw curved so cleanly above the high collar of their hoodie. Their face gleamed, gold from Mambele’s headlights outlining the contours of it, red nebulites highlighting the rest. Their dark eyes kept staring. Jhansi’s eyes found the floor.
She mumbled, “I’m not a bad guy.”
Fuck, what a stupid bitch.
Binyelum concluded their assessment and agreed.
“Yeah. You’re a little scared to be an endling, don’t you think?”
An endling?
Fuck that.
Jhansi stared back into Binyelum’s eyes.
She tightened her lips and lied, “I’m not scared.”
Ugh.
Oren added, “We found her in the 7-11 parking lot where I picked up Velocity. She doesn’t remember the daydreaming. She doesn’t have a sword. Or a gift.”
Binyelum blinked.
They looked between Oren and Jhansi with blatant surprise. 
“Holy shit.”
Oren nodded.
“Yeah.”
He paused, then generously added, “She is quick on the pickup.”
For what felt like the hundredth fucking time in the last three minutes, Binyelum stared at Jhansi.
Everyone stared at Jhansi.
Fuck.
Jhansi insisted, “I’m not an endling.”
The little whine at the end?
Pathetic.
Binyelum agreed with Jhansi.
“No, you probably aren’t an endling. You’re too–”
They gestured at the air.
“–obvious.”
What the fuck did that mean?
In spite of herself, Jhansi said, “What the fuck does that mean?”
Yelping now, huh?
Binyelum’s mouth began spreading into a grin. They suppressed the expression, then nodded at Jhansi's hand. Their eyes went soft.
“How did you hurt yourself?”
Jhansi covered up her palm and rolled her eyes.
She sneered, “Fingering your mom, obviously.”
Binyelum tilted their head.
“My mother is an artificial intelligence construct. I think you would find her difficult to finger.”
Jhansi narrowed her eyes.
“Yeah, obviously, that’s why it hurt.”
Binyelum smirked.
“Obviously?”
Fuck.
Before Jhansi could reply, Binyelum smiled wide and clapped their hands.
“Okie dokie! Looks like we found some fun bonus content tonight. Before we deal with this, though, let’s do the endling thing. Sebastian, rearm your gift. Go ahead and use the red guy. The rest of us will new-game-plus the others.”
Velocity scowled and shifted their weight across their hips, gripping their bat tighter.
“You mean all of them?”
Binyelum looked pensive, then gave an accommodating shrug.
“You’ve got some shares, right?”
Velocity’s scowl deepened.
“Yeah, some, but–”
Binyelum interrupted.
“Some is enough.”
Velocity made a noise.
“I’m not going to get giftsick.”
Binyelum nodded.
“I wouldn’t think so.”
Velocity made another noise.
“Fine.”
They paused, then pressed on.
“Why don’t you want us to be prepared?”
Binyelum stared at them. Their eyes flicked over to Oren. Then to Jhansi. Then back to Velocity.
“Were any of you prepared when you got here?”
Velocity blinked.
“That’s not–”
Binyelum continued.
“You didn’t even put on your mask.”
A mask? Another important word? Like Sebastian’s flower crown?
Something that special ones needed in order to share their gift?
Velocity pressed their mouth into a line.
“I was in a hurry.”
Binyelum shrugged.
“What makes you think it’s going to be any different going forward?”
Velocity growled.
“Fine. But I want–”
They paused.
“How are we going to make sure we can protect each other?”
To Jhansi’s surprise, Binyelum burst into a grin.
“We adapt.”
Velocity rolled their eyes. They huffed. They opened their mouth, closed it, then started again.
“Why is this–”
They stabbed their bat toward the orange-splattered endling corpses and kept their eyes on Binyelum.
“–so important?”
Binyelum blinked softly.
“Why are you here?”
Velocity stared at Binyelum.
Bineylum gestured toward the endling corpses, mimicking Velocity, but more expansively.
“Besides, they’d do the same for me.”
Velocity followed Binyelum’s gesture, and Jhansi did likewise, taking in the carnage. Blood continued to drain from the red endling’s severed arm. Fragments of bone pierced out from the cavern Nancy’s ax had carved into that blue endling’s skull. Bulbs of pus and meat shone with a sickly sheen in the red light.
Velocity laughed once.
“Yeah, I’m sure they would.”
Sebastian chimed in.
“I’m kind of on Velocity’s side.”
Binyelum turned.
They asked, “You’re worried? About dying?”
Sebastian shrugged.
Binyelum asked, “You're worried about being hurt?”
Sebastian scowled slightly.
“It’s not fun, y’know, being on the receiving end of those claws.”
Binyelum blinked.
“I do know.”
Sebastian blushed, his eyes widening a fraction.
He mumbled, “Well, yeah.”
Binyelum smiled faintly and stared at Sebastian.
“Was it bad?”
Sebastian tilted his head.
Binyelum added, “The way it happened.”
This time Sebastian’s eyes opened all the way.
Binyelum nodded once.
“I’m sorry it was like that.”
They paused, then added, “Does that moment need to be the most important one?”
Sebastian blinked.
“The most important?”
Binyelum asked, “How much time do you spend thinking about it?”
Sebastian stared at them.
Binyelum added, “Don’t let it eat you up.”
Jhansi blurted, “I’m on Binyelum’s side!”
Everyone turned to look at her.
She felt her face turn painfully red.
Stupid.
Binyelum said, “There aren’t sides.”
Ugh.
Jhansi shot them a look.
“Whatever, I was just saying it how Sebastian said it. You know what I mean. I agree with you.”
Binyelum’s expression shifted to something unexpectedly inscrutable.
“Why?”
Jhansi furrowed her brows.
“Why what?”
Binyelum explained, “Why do you agree with me?”
What the fuck?
Did they not believe her?
Jhansi said, slowly, “Because it’s good to make more good guys?”
Binyelum tilted their head.
“Good guys?”
Jhansi blinked.
“Well, yeah. The good guys. Like, you all?”
She gestured around at everyone.
Velocity giggled.
“Hey, we’re the good guys!”
Sebastian looked strangely pained.
He deadpanned, “Hell yeah.”
Jhansi looked around.
“What?”
Oren ran a hand through his hair.
Jhansi looked at him and cocked her head.
“Are you not the good guys?”
Oren shrugged.
“It … doesn’t really work that way.”
Jhansi shook her head.
“What do you mean it doesn’t work that way?”
Binyelum tilted their across to the other shoulder.
 “Why do you think we’re the good guys?”
Jhansi looked at them.
She paused, then made a face.
“I mean–”
She swung her arms floppily around at the endling corpses.
“–look at those guys. Obviously they're not the good guys.”
Binyelum stared at her.
“Obviously.”
For a moment, nobody spoke.
At last Jhansi said, “Yes?”
Velocity barked a dry laugh.
“Fuck it.”
They grinned, their mouth seeming to stretch beyond their cheeks.
“Let's make more good guys.”
Binyelum looked toward Velocity.
“Huh.”
They smiled faintly and added, “Really?”
Velocity shrugged and awkwardly returned the smile.
“Yeah.”
Their auger shell pendant glittered.
Binyelum cocked their head in Sebastian’s direction and raised an eyebrow.
Sebastian said, slowly, “I mean–”
He paused, then continued.
“–I still don't want to get hurt.”
He paused again.
“And if any of you get hurt, it's my job to take care of it.”
He looked down at the red endling’s corpse and sighed.
“I guess I can't complain if I get to keep my shares up.”
Nobody replied.
After a moment, Jhansi said, “We’ll keep you safe.”
Everyone turned to stare at her. Nancy looked surprisingly passive, with orange blood still dripping off her body. Velocity looked unconvinced, flipping their bat back and forth between their hands, eyebrows raised. Oren looked wistful, running a hand through his hair, fighting a strange smile on his face. Binyelum looked amused, somehow, though their expression remained almost entirely unchanged. Jhansi blushed.
Sebastian forced a laugh.
“Yeah? You’ll keep me safe?”
Jhansi looked around. Nobody else said anything. She looked back at Sebastian and spread her arms in a wide gesture.
“Well, obviously.”
Binyelum interrupted.
“Obviously.”
Jhansi shot them a look, then continued, stressing the word this time.
“Obviously. You're the healer.”
Sebastian stared at her.
Jhansi waited for a response, then continued.
“You're not supposed to be at the front of the party? It's everyone else's job to make sure you don't get hurt?”
Sebastian stared at her some more, then turned to Binyelum.
“Is she for real?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“We’ll see.”
Sebastian blinked. He stared at nothing for a long moment, his eyes going unfocused. At last he shrugged.
“Well, whatever. Fine. But–”
He gestured around with his barbell.
“You all have to keep me safe.”
He paused.
“It's your job.”
To Jhansi's surprise, Velocity giggled.
“Don't worry, little bro. We won't let the bad guys get you.”
In response, Sebastian stuck out his tongue, the corners of his mouth quirking up ever so slightly.
Binyelum said, “So we're good.”
Nobody disagreed.
“Cool. Let's do the thing. Sebastian, first, I need the red guy’s memories.”
Sebastian nodded.
“Sure thing.”
Jhansi asked, “Memories?”
Binyelum blinked at her, stared for a moment, then chuckled.
“What do you think is inside a memory card, Jhansi?”
Jhansi blushed.
“Well, I didn’t know you could extract the memories.”
Binyelum blinked again, laughing quicker and louder. Their teeth sparkled in the light from Mambele. Jhansi watched their chest buck. 
Binyelum asked, “Extract?” in a tone Jhansi couldn’t quite understand.
Jhansi threw her arms in the air.
“Whatever! You know what I mean!”
To Jhansi’s annoyance, Binyelum shook their head. Light danced on their gold-splashed cheeks. Jhansi found that annoying too.
Binyelum said, “No, I don’t know what you mean. Explain it.”
Jhansi stomped a foot.
“Oh goddammit! Pull the memories out of the card, or whatever!”
She waggled her hands between herself and Binyelum.
“You know what I mean!”
Binyelum smiled softly.
“Oh, that.”
They nodded.
“Obviously.”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
She growled, “Obviously,” dragging out the first and final vowels.
Binyelum said, “Okay. I’m going to eat now.”
They turned, and the others started on their own tasks as well. Jhansi counted three blue endling corpses–one she hadn’t watched die, lying mostly decapitated deeper into the cafe–and the red endling corpse. She glanced sidelong at Sebastian as, one by one, Nancy, Velocity, Oren, and Binyelum each knelt and pushed a hand deep into the body of a monster.
Jhansi said, “It's like a dance, huh?”
Sebastian looked at her. The slopping sounds of that soft, wet meat filled the silence. Jhansi swallowed, trying and failing to mask the gesture.
Sebastian said, “Yeah. Single Limb Hokey Pokey.”
“Doesn't that kind of defeat the point of the Hokey Pokey?”
“Depends on what you think the point is.”
Jhansi thought for a second.
“I dunno, I think that song is pretty explicit about what the point is.”
Sebastian raised an eyebrow.
He asked, “Explicit?” in a familiar tone.
Jhansi threw her hands into the air.
“Not you too!”
Binyelum deftly pulled free their hand and held aloft the retrieved card. A single small bulb of endling insides dripped onto the floor. Binyelum brought the card to their mouth, kissed it softly, and crushed it. Jhansi stared at the tendons in their wrist.
Binyelum looked at Jhansi.
“Yes?”
Jhansi’s eyes shot wide open.
“I was just wondering what kinds of memories are in there!”
Binyelum grinned.
“Fun ones.”
Jhansi couldn’t help but blush. She tried to look away from Binyelum’s teeth but couldn’t. Her mind raced. She blurted the first complete thought she could find.
“What kinds of memories are in your card?”
Binyelum’s grin fell into a straight, pensive line. Sebastain gave her a look. Oren, who had just finished his ritual, stood and gave Jhansi a different kind of look. Velocity, still kneeling with their arm buried in a corpse, stared back over their shoulder at Jhansi. Nancy, already finished with her ritual, leaned against a dining table and crossed her arms.
Binyelum blinked slowly. They tilted their head to one side, stepped closer to Jhansi, and tilted their head to the other side. Something happened to their expression, but just for a moment.
At last they said, “Fun ones.”
This time Jhansi did manage to look away. She glanced nervously around the room. Nobody’s eyes felt like anywhere she wanted to land her gaze.
Ugh.
Why did Binyelum react like this every fucking time she asked anything?
Sebastian said, “What? Don’t we look like we know how to have fun?”
Jhansi turned to look at him.
“What?”
Binyelum pulled her attention back to them.
“What kinds of memories are in your card?”
Jhansi blinked.
“I … don’t have one?”
Binyelum gave her a hooded smile.
“No?”
Jhansi shrugged.
“How would I know? Can you like, feel it in there?”
Binyelum cocked their head.
“Can you not?”
They straightened, raised an index finger with a flourish, and pointed at their own chest.
“What do you feel in there?”
Jhansi took a moment. She looked down and away, knitting together her brows, concentrating on the sensations in her body. Raw tension permeated her entire experience. Just like always.
She said, “Nothing?”
The hooded smile returned.
Binyelum repeated, “Nothing.”
“So I don’t have one?”
Binyelum raised their index finger to their chin and looked toward the ceiling.
“Hard to say.”
They kept their head tilted up but looked down toward Jhansi.
“No sword, no gift, no memory card. I wouldn’t have thought something like that could even exist in the netherlume shift.”
Great.
Jhansi threw open her hands.
“Then what the fuck is up with me, huh?”
Binyelum smiled warmly.
“That’s a better question. Your best so far, in fact.”
“Haha, very funny.”
Jhansi paused.
“You really don’t know, do you?”
Binyelum continued smiling, finally lowering their head so they looked at least slightly less manic.
“I think there’s only one single person who does know.”
Jhansi didn't hide her irritation as she asked, “Yeah? Let me guess, there's a seer–”
She waggled her fingers and spoke with an affect.
“–hidden deep in the woods that I have to go find?”
Binyelum laughed once, then shook their head.
“Oof, no, I hope there's not a seer in the woods. That would make the rest of what I have planned super embarrassing.”
Planned?
Binyelum continued.
“No, the person who knows what the fuck is up with you is–”
They leaned forward, extending their index finger toward Jhansi. The finger slowly closed distances with Jhansi’s forehead. She watched, slouching her shoulders and raising her eyebrows.
Wait, they hadn’t given her a hug.
They hadn't touched her yet at all.
Binyelum’s finger stopped a hair’s breadth from touching Jhansi’s forehead.
“–right here.”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
She groaned, “I said I don’t feel anything.”
Binyelum retracted their arm.
“I believe you. Mostly.”
Despite her best attempt, Jhansi whined, “Mostly?”
Why wouldn’t they let up?
Binyelum stared at her for a moment, then looked from Oren to Velocity.
“Did either of you try to give her your gift?”
Oren shook his head.
Velocity said, “Negatory.”
Sebastian snorted.
Binyelum nodded.
“So maybe–”
They gave Jhansi a slow blink.
“–she’s just a really good liar.”
Their eyes flashed. A wild, vulpine smile exploded across their face. Jhansi felt like she could see nothing but teeth. Binyelum reached toward her, their arms rushing so fast that she could do nothing but gasp. Two large hands wrapped around her wrists. They felt so warm. She stared at the spot where their bodies met for what felt like a thousand years. Should she pull away?
She looked up into Binyelum’s eyes.
They panted, “Show me what you are.”
Binyelum squeezed.
Jhansi caught her breath.
Nothing happened.
Binyelum blinked.
“Hm.”
They sounded disappointed.
Sebastian deadpanned, “Wild.”
Velocity said, “See?”
Binyelum released Jhansi’s wrists. She held them aloft for a moment, then awkwardly lowered them to her sides. Her face flushed. Yet again, everybody fucking stared at her, probably thinking about how childish she looked. All because she didn’t know how to handle a little unexpected touch. Her face reddened harder, for everyone to see.
Well fuck them. What the fuck did they know? She hadn’t asked for it.
Heat began to well in the pit of Jhansi’s interior space.
She said, “I’m … sorry?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“Nah, there was really only a teeny tiny chance you were that good of a liar.”
Jhansi yelped, “Hey!” in a tone right on the boundary of a shout.
Binyelum’s expression shifted.
“Yeah? You’d rather be a better liar?”
Jhansi’s breath came shorter.
“No! That’s not it!”
Velocity stepped forward.
“You know, gifts don’t work on endlings.”
The heat in Jhansi’s interior space discharged a vibrating static sphere and wafted it quickly upward.
Jhansi whirled.
“I’m not an endling! How many fucking times do I have to tell you?”
Binyelum said, “Depends on how many similarities you’re going to show us.”
Sebastian said, “Next you have to answer for your outfit.”
Jhansi whirled again.
“All anyone has done tonight is tell me I’m going to die and then make fun of me!”
Binyelum said, “You’re smiling.”
The static sphere touched the base of Jhansi’s neck. Rage exploded inside her. Binyelum had observed her correctly. She had felt the smile herself. Grinning like a little attention-starved brat. What the entire fuck. What an unbelievably stupid bitch. Here, in front of all these impossibly cool teenagers, losing control of herself, letting them think that she needed any of this.
She shrieked, “I’m not smiling!”
Taking a deep breath, she shrieked even louder, “Fucking knock it off!”
She had already gone too far. Everyone else in the room gawked in disgust at the pathetic, needy bitch completely losing her shit. A heavy barb stabbed into her from the direction of every pair of eyes. They probably hated her. She couldn’t come back. She couldn’t make them understand.
Jhansi whirled a third time. She ground her teeth together. Blood pumped in her ears. A growl rumbled in her throat. She lifted her leg and kicked out, striking at the nearest object she could find. The edge of a dining table. The table slid back a few inches, the other end smacking hard against a window, rattling the pane. A shaker of sugar and a tray of cream and jam packets spilled their contents onto the floor.
Jhansi whirled back to face everyone, hunched, breathing hard, body stiff. Her hair caught in her eyes. She didn’t bother to fix it.
“Just fucking leave me alone!”
The silence that followed hurt almost as bad. Jhansi backed away, sat herself at the dining table she had just kicked, and crossed her arms. Her gaze remained firmly fixed on the ground.
At last Binyelum spoke.
“Okay.”
Jhansi looked up. Binyelum’s mouth sat in a straight line. Their eyes stared, brows angled almost imperceptibly forward.
“Fine.”
Jhansi looked away again.
She whispered, “I’m sorry.”
Binyelum continued.
“You're not an endling. You're not a special one. You're actually just the weakest thing here.”
Jhansi cringed.
Binyelum continued.
“You're going to die, and you’ll probably die first.”
Jhansi spat, “Fuck,” to no one in particular.
Binyelum continued.
“There's nothing you can offer anyone. You don't have a memory card. You don't have a gift. You don't have a sword.”
The truth hurt.
“You're dead weight.”
Jhansi could feel their eyes cutting into her.
“And you're a bitch.”
Fuck.
Jhansi pouted, “I’m not a bitch,” barely loud enough to hear.
Binyelum asked dryly, “Yeah? Then what was that?”
Oren stepped closer.
“She did that on the way here, too. She's just going through a lot.”
Binyelum looked at him.
“Okay.”
Jhansi said, “I’m sorry,” this time at an audible volume.
Binyelum looked down at her.
“Okay.”
Jhansi yelped, “I’m sorry!”
Binyelum repeated, “Okay.”
Barbs of pain shot outward from the center of Jhansi's skull.
She screamed, “Fine! Just fucking leave me on the side of the road!”
Velocity gave an exasperated sigh.
Binyelum asked, “Is that what you want?”
Jhansi shouted, not quite as loudly, “Isn't that what you want?”
Binyelum exhaled through their nose.
“No.”
They paused.
“Now answer my question.”
Jhansi stared at the floor. Her chest rose and fell. Her shoulders, neck, and jaw ached. She sagged her head and looked through her hair at the other teenagers. Nancy stood at the outside of the circle, staring directly at her. Sebastian sat at a different dining table, staring at the ceiling. Velocity leaned on their bat with both hands, looking back and forth between Jhansi and Binyelum with amusement. Oren stood with his hands stuffed in his pockets and his mouth quirked to the side, communicating to Jhansi something with his eyes which she did not understand. Binyelum loomed above her with an impenetrable expression.
What if she said yes?
Jhansi tried to picture it. Everyone filing out of the cafe, keeping their backs turned to her, light from Mambele gliding along their swords as they crossed the parking lot. No way in hell would she watch them go. But she’d hear Mambele’s trunk click open and thump closed, hear the doors do the same, hear the rumble of those beautiful bells as the engine revved. Mambele would back away and the gold light would go with her. Jhansi would sit, staring at the floor, surrounded by corpses washed in red by the ambient nebulite.
Would anyone look back at her?
Of course not.
A sheet of ice collected along the edge of Jhansi’s interior space.
She exhaled, looking up at Binyelum’s mouth, not quite capable of meeting their gaze.
“Fine. No. That’s not actually what I want.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Good. Because that would really suck.”
Jhansi flushed.
“What? Really?”
She looked around at the other teenagers, then back at Binyelum.
“More than bringing me along?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“That’s entirely up to you, kiddo.”
Jhansi furrowed her brows.
“What about all that dead weight shit?”
Binyelum said, cryptically, “Just being a mirror.”
Jhansi frowned. She looked sidelong at the dining table, then at the spilled packets of cream and jam. Her flush deepened.
“I’m sorry.”
Binyelum said, “I know. You already said that.”
Jhansi blinked.
Sebastian said, “Not to shit in your cereal–”
Oren looked at him and interrupted with, “Gross.”
Velocity said, “Limited seasonal release.”
Oren looked at them and repeated, “Gross!”
Sebastian pressed on.
“But, what’s Jhansi going to do? Is she just going to–”
He made a face and shrugged.
“–sit in Mambele all night? Like, I guess that’s fine, but also, is it?”
Binyelum shrugged in agreement.
“Frosted shit flakes.”
Velocity asked, “Wait, does it come out frosted, or …?”
Oren moaned, “Gross!”
Binyelum replied, “Patented frosting process.”
Suddenly Nancy stood in the middle of the circle, making an absolutely terrifying face at Binyelum. Binyelum’s eyes shot wide for just a second. They raised both hands and smiled sheepishly.
“Alright, that’s my bad.”
Nancy backed up, her expression softening, but not entirely.
Binyelum turned back to Jhansi.
“Sebastian’s right, though. It’d be like sending a toddler into traffic if we brought you into a fight the way you are.”
Jhansi thought about how it would feel to spend twenty-four hours watching everyone else fight from behind the windshield of a sedan.
Not a fucking chance.
“I mean, can’t I just grab–”
She looked around the cafe.
“–a fire extinguisher or something?”
Velocity laughed.
“That’s your idea of a sword?”
Jhansi shrugged hard.
“I don’t know, it’s just the first thing that came to mind!”
Binyelum cupped their chin.
“I do like the commitment.”
Sebastian said, “That’s … not really what I was thinking.”
Bineylum looked at him.
Sebastian said, “I mean, will a regular-ass makeshift weapon–”
Velocity giggled.
“Makeshit weapon.”
Nancy gave them a warning look.
Sebastian continued.
“–do anything?”
Binyelum gave him a look that Jhansi didn’t understand.
“You’re worried that she’s going to die?”
Sebastian didn’t reply for a long moment.
“Alright, I get it.”
Binyelum directed the same look at Jhansi.
“She’s here. She gets to choose her fate, same as the rest of us.”
Jhansi stared back at Binyelum and felt her stomach tighten.
Sebastian said, “Okay, but I’m not gonna jump in to save her when she starts getting her frosted shit flakes pushed in.”
To Jhansi’s surprise, Velocity scowled and said, “Yeah, that’s not your job, remember?”
Also to Jhansi’s surprise, Sebastian turned pink and stayed silent.
Binyelum gestured around the cafe.
“Go ahead and search the armory, tryhardling. Just don’t take too long.”
Jhansi pouted.
“Tryhardling?”
Velocity said, “Could be weakling.”
Oren said, “Velocity.”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
“Yeah, yeah, I get it.”
She slapped her knees with her hands and pushed herself to her feet. The swish of her skirt felt dramatic, so she threw back her head to clear the hair from her face. It almost kind of worked.
Sebastian turned to Binyelum and said, “Hey, I still need that memory card.”
Jhansi paused to watch.
Binyelum said, “Growing boys need nourishment.”
They held out a fist and opened it. Jagged shards of the shattered memory card twinkled in their palm. Jhansi couldn't imagine how someone could possibly eat something like that.
Sebastian stepped forward and Binyelum tipped the shards delicately into his outstretched palm. They chimed like tiny bells. Sebastian tilted back his head and tipped the shards into his open mouth. He chewed, his jaw pistoning. Jhansi half expected him to grimace, struggle, or whimper in pain, but after a quick minute he swallowed easily. The colors of Sebastian’s flower crown blinked back to oversaturation.
Jhansi asked, “What’s it taste like?”
The steady mastication crunch had kind of reminded her of cereal.
She said, “Don’t–”
Sebastian grinned and said, “Frosted shit flakes.”
Jhansi glanced at Nancy, who stood glowering at Sebastian.
Everyone paused. Binyelum turned to Jhansi. Their mouth and brows quirked upward.
“Well, we're waiting on you.”
Jhansi blushed. She looked around the cafe, realizing immediately that she probably wouldn't find what she needed in the dining area. She pushed past the other teenagers, stepping through the shattered counter and heading toward the kitchen door.
She self-consciously looked back at everyone. Her eyes lit on the muscles visible through the back of Binyelum's torn jacket. Sebastian’s healing hadn't repaired the fabric. The tears marred some emblem. Jhansi couldn't make out the design, only the colors. White, purple, and gold.
Jhansi turned away and pushed open the kitchen door.
Stainless steel countertops and varied appliances lined the small room. A metal rack laden with cookware and utensils sat in the center of the space. An endling’s corpse lay slumped against the stove on the right hand wall.
Jhansi looked back toward the other teenagers again. Each of them had engaged in some conversation or idle activity. She let the door swing closed behind her and crept toward the body, her breath coming quicker. The monster’s head lolled forward. Heavy splashes of orange blood trailed from its neck, drying on its uniform and cooling on the vinyl floor. Jhansi bunched up her skirt and knelt to inspect the corpse.
The body seemed to grow as she knelt, expanding beyond the space meant to contain it, filling Jhansi’s vision, bulked with the muscle of a man at least twice Jhansi’s size. The lowest level endling. Black jackboots gleamed in the chromatic lighting, the soles glittering with serrated spikes tipped with gemstones. The pressed trousers felt smooth, almost silky to the touch. Jhansi ran her hand up to the heavy fabric of the uniform jacket and traced her fingers over the featureless face rendered in outline. The Sigil of Egaeus, whom the endlings worshiped. The strongest enemy of all.
The endling lay with arms akimbo. Fists open, palms up, claws out. A notched line caught Jhansi’s attention. The claws on the endling’s left hand had clashed with something. A weapon. A machete.
Jhansi reached out her left hand and slid a finger along the smooth outer curve of one damaged claw. It seemed impossibly solid, somehow superphysical. She pictured it soaring toward her, imminent death blocked with a machete swing.
Fuck.
Jhansi slid her finger along the arc of the claw’s sharpened edge, not giving the action any thought. A bright line of blood appeared instantaneously on the pad of her finger. Pain unfurled a moment later.
Fuck.
Jhansi cursed. Her hand pulled back reflexively. She sucked her finger.
“I thought I’d forgotten something.”
Jhansi jumped. She whirled, finger still in her mouth. Binyelum loomed in the doorway. Jhansi quickly pulled her hand behind her back.
“Excuse me? Manners?”
Ugh, lame.
She continued anyway.
“Don't you know how to knock?”
Binyelum laughed once, a sound like soda on crushed ice.
“Yeah?”
Their eyes flicked toward the endling corpse, then onto Jhansi's hidden hands, then back up to her face.
“Am I interrupting your private time?”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
“Oh fuck off.”
Binyelum gave her that vulpine smile.
“Did you learn anything?”
Jhansi stared with an impassive expression.
“Claws are sharp.”
Binyelum nodded sagely.
“Mm, yes. Claws are sharp.”
They looked again toward the body. Their smile returned. A glint lit up their eyes.
“So do you want to do the ritual?”
Jhansi blinked. For some reason she started blushing. She swallowed.
“New-game-plus?”
Binyelum nodded.
“New-game-plus.”
Jhansi looked down at the body. Her eyes followed the trail of orange blood, tracing it back to the wide, clean slash carved into the endling's throat. She would have to reach into that fatal wound. Gross, but also kind of … cool?
She swallowed again.
No way would she back down in front of Binyelum.
Jhansi asked, “Will it work?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“The important parts will. I think.”
Jhansi looked at them.
“The important parts?”
She raised her brows.
“You think?”
Binyelum shrugged again.
“Yeah.”
They stepped forward and crossed the space of the small kitchen.
“It's hard to guess, with your–”
They gestured at Jhansi.
“–situation, but–”
Jhansi huffed, “Oh double fuck off.”
Binyelum ignored her and continued.
“–but, I don't see any reason the ritual wouldn’t work for you. Endlings and alterlings can do it, same as we can, so why not you?”
Jhansi made a face.
“Why would an endling new-game-plus another endling?”
Binyelum cocked their head. Their eyes went hooded. They spoke slowly.
“Why indeed. You can't think of any reason?”
Jhansi stared at them.
“A reason why an endling would want to create their own enemy? Not really. Maybe, I dunno, to create a higher value memory to harvest for Egaeus? Seems like there’d be a lot of risk in that.”
Binyelum stared back at her for a long moment.
“Creating an enemy with the intention of reaping a higher value reward. Interesting.”
Jhansi narrowed her eyes.
“Interesting?”
“Yes, interesting. Your whole–”
They gestured at her again.
“–situation. It's interesting.”
Jhansi groaned.
“Yeah? And what exactly is my–”
She waggled her hands floppily at herself.
“–situation?”
Binyelum smirked.
“Tryhardsmanship.”
Jhansi pouted, “Triple fuck off!”
Binyelum clapped with delight.
“Do I get a hat trick prize?”
“Ugh.”
“So that's a no?”
“No.”
Jhansi paused and thought for a moment.
“Absolution.”
Binyelum gave her a complicated smile.
“That's my prize?”
They paused, then continued.
“I’ll save that for when I need it.”
Jhansi blushed.
She looked away quickly, returning her attention to the endling's corpse.
“So do I just like … dig around in there?”
She gestured with her hands.
“Do I have to do anything special to find it?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“No, you pretty much just–”
They mimicked her gesture.
“–dig around in there.”
They added, “It is always deeper than you expect.”
Jhansi whispered, “So was your mom.”
Binyelum grinned.
“AI construct!”
Jhansi failed at holding back a giggle.
“Artificial insemination, you mean.”
Binyelum gave her a look.
“That’s basically what we’re doing.”
“Gross!”
Jhansi pointedly returned her attention to the body, then paused as anxiety tugged at her chest.
Binyelum asked, “Nervous?”
She shot them a look.
“No!”
Binyelum shrugged.
“We’ll see.”
Ugh.
Jhansi huffed. Again she bunched up her skirt and knelt, exhaling quietly as her head came level with monster’s, at least twice the size of her own. Twin tusks jutted upward from its mouth, as thick around as her wrist, dark and rough like stone. Two wide, angled slits served as nostrils, flared even in death, permanently locked in an expression of natural rage. The bone structure of its brow echoed this, heavy ridges angled sharply downward, the mask of a predator.
Jhansi swallowed.
She whispered, “Just dig around in there.”
She used her left hand to prop up the endling's head. Orange blood gushed from its throat, and a handful of that weird meat squeezed out with the released pressure. A wet gash glistened in place of the monster’s left eye. It's right one stared at her with such a depth of mourning it made her stomach clench.
Fuck.
No way would she show any weakness now.
Jhansi tried to prepare herself, realized she had no idea what that would take, and pushed her right arm forward. The sensation defied explanation. Warm, fatty viscera yielded at her press, accommodating more and more of her as she searched deeper for the memory card. Chunks of the gelatinous meat squelched out, plopping and rolling down the front of the endling’s uniform and onto the floor. Jhansi’s wrist passed into the impossible interior space of the endling. Then her forearm. Then her elbow. Nothing.
Jhansi exhaled, “Fuck.”
She grunted and scooted closer. Her hand grasped around, squeezing onto blobs that gave way and squished between her fingers. She scooted closer again, brushing her shoulder up against the endling’s tusks. Still nothing. Groaning, she braced herself and lifted the endling’s heavy head further, ducked under its chin, and gave her whole shoulder to the search. Meat splattered her face. She spat, gritted her teeth, and directed her arm downward through the monster’s insides, reaching as far as she could manage. Still nothing. Frustration welled up. She made a noise almost like a shriek and threw a punch inside the endling, nearly losing her footing. Stupid. Blushing deep, she closed her eyes and dragged her arm back upward, reaching high. Higher. Fuck, as high as she could get, up on tip-toes now.
The back of her hand brushed against something hard.
Jhansi’s eyes flew open. She grasped the object, cold and hard and foreign, and pulled. It resisted for a moment, held in place by some indiscernible mechanism, then relented. Jhansi toppled backward with a yelp. A thick stream of monster entrails followed her arm out of the corpse, splattering the endling’s uniform and the floor. Jhansi panted once. She held the memory card up in front of her face.
She exclaimed, “I got it!”
Binyelum’s upside-down face filled her vision.
“I’m so proud of you.”
All at once Jhansi realized that Binyelum had caught her. They supported her upper back with their left arm. They looked down at her with a wide smile, lips pressed together, eyes creased with delight.
Jhansi yelped and flailed. She rolled to the left, away from Binyelum, arms swinging wide. She caught herself roughly, her open palms smacking hard against the floor. The memory card snapped.
A rushing momentum crashed into Jhansi’s interior space. White spots exploded across her vision. The world blurred. She groaned, loud. The floor of the kitchen flickered, then vanished. She fell through a twilit sky distorted by scan lines. The ground screamed up toward her, expanding across her vision faster than she fell, the colors brightening to blistering oversaturation. Noise filled her ears. Vibrations pulsated across the kaleidoscope. The noise shifted pitches, whining upward toward a freakish screeching. Static overwhelmed.
All at once Jhansi recalled the feeling of propelling herself down a sloping hillside, wind howling through her hair, the nebulites of St. Alëmskaan’machi twinkling in the far distance. Each powerful thrust of her legs against the hard earth pushed her further forward than she could have imagined. She grinned with teeth the size of human hands. She felt so unbelievably powerful.
Jhansi vomited.
Binyelum said, “Pejudo.”
They knelt, catching Jhansi as her shaky arms gave way, saving her from falling face-first into her own vomit.
Jhansi looked up.
“What the …?”
Binyelum stared back at her.
“You’re a sensitive one. Not surprising.”
“Sensitive?”
Binyelum nodded toward her right arm. Jhansi looked. Thick, viscous ropes of the endling’s insides clung to her, slowly dribbling over each other and dropping to the floor in translucent, stringy strands. Jhansi retched.
“What the fuck?”
Binyelum said, “That stuff sticks to the sensitive ones.”
That stuff?
What, no special name?
Jhansi gasped, “Disgusting.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Yep. You really are.”
Jhansi glared at them.
“Not the time.”
Binyelum chuckled.
Jhansi wiped her mouth with her left wrist.
Binyelum asked, “Are you okay to stand?”
Jhansi assessed herself. She nodded. Binyelum braced her as she leaned forward. She brought her hands to her thighs, smearing pus all over her skirt, and pushed herself to her feet.
Fuck.
She repeated, “Disgusting.”
Binyelum bit back a chuckle.
Jhansi blinked, giving her vision another moment to clear.
She asked, “It’s not like that for everyone, right?”
Binyelum said, “I’ve literally never heard of that happening.”
“Fuck.”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
“Am I that sensitive?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“Maybe you forced yourself to throw up.”
Jhansi groaned.
“I’m not lying! About anything!”
Binyelum shrugged.
“We’ll–”
Jhansi interrupted.
“See, yeah, I know.”
Binyelum gave her a look.
“Maybe it’s because you’re a tryhardling.”
“I’m not a tryhardling!”
Binyelum pointed their index finger at Jhansi, their thumb cocked, and pulled the imaginary trigger.
“Prove me wrong.”
“Watch me.”
“My point exactly.”
Jhansi made a face.
Binyelum asked, “So what did you see?”
Jhansi tried to recall the images, but it felt like searching for a dream after sunrise.
“I … don’t know.”
Binyelum frowned.
Jhansi mirrored the expression.
“I'm not lying! I saw … something, I just can't remember what.”
Binyelum stared at her. Their expression shifted through several iterations, none of which Jhansi could decipher. She fidgeted.
At last Binyelum said, “You should work on that.”
Right.
Jhansi gave them an insincere salute and smeared sticky meat on her forehead.
She shouted, “Oh gross!”
Binyelum produced a kitchen towel.
Jhansi mumbled, “Thanks.”
She reached for the towel, but Binyelum held it away.
They asked, “You're going to work on remembering, right?”
Jhansi groaned.
“Yes, I’m going to work on it.”
Binyelum stared at her for a moment longer, then handed over the towel. Jhansi snatched at it and began wiping slime off her face, arms, and skirt. The stuff had soaked into her skirt, leaving behind a dark stain.
Of fucking course.
Binyelum asked, “Ready for the climax?”
Jhansi's eyes shot open.
“Excuse me?”
Binyelum pointed to the shattered remnants of the memory card lying on the floor.
“That's gotta go back in there.”
Right.
After her initial experience, what should she expect?
Would she black out?
Jhansi’s shoulders sagged, but only for a moment. She had started this. No way would she tiptoe through finishing it.
She asked, “So what do I do?”
Binyelum blinked at her.
Jhansi added, “There’s some other thing, right? I don’t just shove the card back in there. I also have to like, put something in there with it? I saw Oren new-game-plus the endling he killed in the 7-11 parking lot.”
Binyelum nodded.
“Ah. The token. That can be anything you wish. It’s as simple as you described. Pick something, anything, and shove it back in there, along with the remains of the card.”
Jhansi blinked. She looked around the kitchen. Stainless steel glinted in the red light. So, what? A ladle? A pair of kitchen shears? A saucepan? None of that seemed right.
“What should I use?”
Binyelum smiled warmly.
“I can’t decide that for you. That’s part of the ritual.”
Jhansi nodded. It made sense. She knelt, picked up the pieces of the memory card, and walked slowly around the kitchen, searching for anything that caught her eye.
She asked, “How does the token affect what happens after?”
Bineylum said, “After?”
“Yeah, after. When you come back, as a special one. You don’t have an endling’s body anymore. You look like–”
Jhansi turned toward Binyelum for a second, blushed, and resumed her pacing.
“–that. And you’ve got a gift, and a sword, all that stuff. The token probably has some effect on the way that all shakes out, right?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“Probably.”
Jhansi turned back to face them, looking through the rack in the center of the room.
“Nobody knows?”
Binyelum shrugged again.
“Maybe somebody knows. Probably somebody knows. I could even take a few guesses who does. But I don’t.”
Jhansi cocked her head, looking around the side of the rack.
“Who?”
Binyelum shrugged a third time.
“Some of the larger bands of special ones. Probably some of the gangs, too.”
Jhansi furrowed her brows.
“Bands? Gangs?”
Binyelum stared at her.
“Yeah.”
They considered her for a moment longer.
“What do you think most special ones do during their final night in the netherlume shift?”
Jhansi made a face.
“They fight Egaeus? And apparently all die, because, this place is fucked.”
“Huh.”
The silence dragged on longer than Jhansi expected.
At last she said, “Yes?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“Yeah, sure. A lot of special ones do try to fight Egaeus, and band together as members of the Final Hand. But just as many choose to do other things with their time, and band together to different ends.”
Jhansi blinked.
“Different ends?”
Binyelum looked at her like she had grown eyestalks.
“Yeah, you know. The whole point of being alive.”
They gesticulated, punctuating each sentence by swinging their arms into a different position.
“Doing what you want. Living a dream. Exploration. Research. Indulgence. Violence.”
They paused, then added, “Love.”
Jhansi scoffed.
“Sounds like a deathwish.”
A stony expression settled on Binyelum’s face.
“Being alive is a deathwish.”
Jhansi looked away.
She mumbled, “This fucking place.”
Binyelum agreed.
“Yep. This fucking place.”
Jhansi waited a beat, then looked back toward Binyelum.
“So how did those other special ones learn things that you didn’t?”
Binyelum chuckled.
“I want different things. I watched different playthroughs.”
They paused, then added, “For all I know, the token isn’t even necessary, it’s just a generational myth.”
“Generational myth?”
“Think about it. Everything we know about the netherlume shift comes either from our own experiences as endlings, or from whichever playthroughs we watch during the daydreaming. Every special one in those playthroughs, they’re making decisions based on their own understandings, which, again, come from their own experiences, or the playthroughs they’ve watched.”
Jhansi nodded.
“I think I get it.”
She paused, then asked, “Is every playthrough available in the daydreaming?”
Binyelum closed one eye and ducked behind the rack, peering at Jhansi through aligned gaps in the cookware. 
“The daydreaming only hosts the playthroughs of special ones who get new-game-plus’d.”
Jhansi’s eyes widened. It did make sense. But trying to imagine the feeling of performing this ritual on a human body left her feeling queasy.
She said, “Fraught.”
Binyelum shrugged.
“Ish.”
Jhansi looked at the corpse. Her eyes followed the dual trails of blood and gristle, up then down then up again, lingering on the spaces where they converged. From this angle, she couldn’t see the terrible sadness of the monster’s one eye. 
She asked, “If you knew how the tokens worked, what kinds of gifts would you try to create?”
Binyelum said quietly, “I wouldn’t.”
Jhansi looked at them.
“You wouldn’t?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“I’m not looking to control anyone’s fate.”
Jhansi blinked. She looked back at the dead body. What kind of gift would she want to have, if given any say? Did it matter, dreaming about the possibilities, if she knew she wouldn’t ever get to experience them? If it didn’t matter, why did she care so much about finding the right token?
She said, “I believe it makes a difference.”
Binyelum raised an eyebrow.
“Huh?”
“The token. I believe that the token makes a difference.”
A strange smile crept onto Binyelum’s face.
“Belief, huh?”
Jhansi nodded, still staring at the corpse.
“I want to believe that I can give the special ones that I create something really great.”
