Jhansi Aur - Encounter I
[1380 MINUTES REMAINING]
Lunar Terminator @ 4.17% Luminosity

Jhansi watched the monster’s eye bounce across the parking lot.
What an absolutely insane fucking sight.
The organ left orange splotches on the asphalt with each impact.
Fragments of some unwelcome dark shape pulsed at the bottom of Jhansi's interior space.
Gradually the eyeball lost momentum.
It rolled out of view, beyond the reach of the sedan’s headlights.
The monster’s supine body convulsed. The teenager in the varsity jacket smashed in its head with a heavy lock fixed to the end of a short chain. The chainlock glowed white as it swung back, the light itself edged with thin ribbons of neon cyan that left a swiftly fading trail hovering in space. When the weapon connected with the monster’s head and obliterated the dome of it, the cyan flashed to magenta and a low-frequency static blast hit Jhansi’s ears.
Fucking sick as hell.
Prepster again swung their chainlock, this time to clean off some of the blood and mess. Ribbons of orange streamed into the pitch black sky. The weapon didn’t leave any glowing trails.
So did Prepster manually control the glow?
Prepster knelt. Without hesitation they pushed their left hand into the monster’s cracked and open skull. Viscous gobs of soft, fatty, pinkish-white meat pumped out. Definitely not normal insides. The teenager reached deeper than seemed possible. Their expression changed. They tensed and pulled back their hand. More meat splattered the asphalt.
A translucent green object about the size of a playing card glinted in Prepster’s grip. Notches lined one of the narrower edges, as though the card could connect with some other mechanism. The teenager shook off as much viscera as they could. The light from the sedan refracted through the card.
Prepster paused, then said something Jhansi couldn't hear. They tightened their grip. The card began to crack. They added pressure and the fissures lengthened. The card shattered. The teenager’s body went perfectly still for the breadth of a blink.
Prepster held onto the remains of the card and with their other hand reached into a pocket of their jacket. They retrieved some other object, something small and rectangular, like an individually wrapped piece of gum. They looked between the items they held, then pushed everything into the mess of the monster’s head.
It looked like a ritual.
Prepster stood and saw Jhansi.
They stared.
Jhansi stared back at the luminous silhouette standing beneath the thinnest sliver of the moon.
Prepster called out, “Oh shit,” almost as a greeting.
They added, “Thanks for the assist.”
They swung their weapon over one shoulder.
The assist?
Jhansi asked, “What?”
Prepster repeated, “Thanks for the assist.”
They shrugged their weapon off their shoulder and let it swing lazily in the air.
Jhansi needled, “Yeah, no, I heard that. But I don’t know what the fuck is going on.”
Prepster didn't reply for longer than Jhansi expected.
At last they said, “Wait, you’re serious?”
What the fuck did they mean by that? Did they think she had lied? Did they think she was stupid?
Jhansi asked in reply, “Did you just kill someone?”
“Pej.”
The word sounded like nonsense, but Prepster spat it out like a curse.
They continued speaking before Jhansi knew what to say.
“You’re a special one, right?”
Special one?
Jhansi barked, “Fuck you. What’s that supposed to mean?”
Prepster cursed again.
“Pejudo.”
They added emphasis to the new syllable.
Jhansi repeated, “What the fuck do you mean by special?”
Instead of replying, Prepster turned. Another figure had moved into the light. They stood shorter than Prepster. Their bald head exaggerating the difference. An oversized athletic jersey amplified their striking shape. A metal baseball bat leaned out from where it rested against their shoulder. Orange blood coated the makeshift weapon. Moonlight winked off the metal where it showed through the blood.
Cueball asked, in a complicated tone, “What’s this?”
They looked at Prepster but gestured at Jhansi.
Jhansi interrupted.
“That’s what I want to know.”
Cueball blinked at her.
“Wait–”
Prepster interrupted.
“Yeah.”
The two other teenagers stared at each other.
Prepster added, “I think maybe she’s not supposed to be here.”
Cueball frowned.
“What?”
They cocked their head.
“The fuck? How?”
Prepster shrugged and shook their head.
“Fuck if I know.”
They seemed worried.
“But we should probably take her with us. Right?”
Take her?
That sounded bad.
Jhansi offered, “Hey.”
She raised her hands and began to back away.
“Whatever this is, it’s kinda fucked up. I don’t know what you’re doing, but I’ll just go, okay? I wasn’t trying to get involved in your shit, I won’t remember this happened, I just want to keep taking my walk.”
Both teenagers stared at Jhansi.
Cueball said, “Leave?”
It sounded condescending the way they said it.
A long moment passed before they continued.
“If you're not full of shit, leaving’s a bad idea.”
Their tone dripped condescension.
They added, “Do you have a sword?”
A sword?
Like their weapons?
“Nope! Like I said, not trying to get involved. I don’t have anything at all. I’m just taking a walk.”
Jhansi continued to back away.
Prepster asked, “Not to be weird, but what exactly are you doing taking a walk out here in the middle of the night?”
This caught Jhansi off guard.
She paused.
At last she said, “That’s not really your business, dude.”
Jhansi had reached the edge of the light beaming from the sedan. A circumambient gloom had descended upon the city, but Jhansi didn't give much thought to the strangeness of it. She focused instead on how she could slip into the darkness and run. The teenagers didn’t seem like they’d chase her, but even if they did, Jhansi knew she could lose them in her own neighborhood.
They hadn’t moved, so she had a small head start.
Jhansi shifted her weight.
Cueball deadpanned, “Dude, you’ll die.”
It didn’t sound like a warning or a threat.
It sounded like a fact.
Jhansi stood with the toes of her right foot already beyond the light.
She asked, “What do you mean?”
Cueball let their expression fall completely.
“Where do you even think you're going? Home?”
Jhansi didn't reply.
Cueball continued.
“You can. If you want. The building’s still there. All your stuff is there. But everyone you know will be gone. Your family, whoever you’re staying with, they won’t be there. The only people you’ll find in the netherlume shift are special ones.”
They pointed to themselves and Prepster.
“And those things.”
They pointed with their bat at the monster's corpse.
They paused.
“And those ones’ll fucking kill you.”
Jhansi stared.
She asked, “Is this a dream?”
Prepster laughed darkly.
“Basically.”
They watched Jhansi’s expression.
They added, “It’s the kind where you really don’t want to die.”
As opposed to the other kind?
Fuck.
What the fuck?
What the entire fuck?
The other teenagers towered over Jhansi. She really had no fucking clue what any of this meant. Cueball had already made fun of her. Kind of. Could she find some way to pretend and convince them she belonged? Probably not at this point. She already looked like a tiny idiot.
Jhansi backed into her interior space, until she bumped against a sharp wall of static.
Fuck this.
Jhansi groaned, “Fuck.”
She rolled her eyes, sagged her shoulders, and looked down at the asphalt.
“Fine. I don't want to die.”
Cueball deadpanned, “I’m glad.”
Jhansi looked up.
“So you’re taking me somewhere?”
Prepster nodded, then shrugged.
“Yeah. Duet might know what to do with you. And either way, you’ll be safer with all of us.”
Wonderful, a group.
Jhansi stepped forward.
“Great. Well, I’m Jhansi.”
She pictured herself standing before these other teenagers, a silly seventeen-year-old mixed Indian American girl wearing a lame blue skirt and a white t-shirt printed with an emotional scene from a whimsical cartoon she liked.
Thick black text framed the image.
I LIVE IN THE HEARTS OF ALL MY FRIENDS
That morning she’d pulled her curly brown hair into a ponytail with a purple scrunchie and put on her green flats, the only pair she had. She pushed her round framed glasses up her nose. They slid forward immediately.
Ugh.
Prepster offered, “I’m Oren.”
Cueball said, “Velocity.”
Oren stood a couple inches taller than Jhansi. He had the build of an athletic eighteen-year-old white boy. Soft boycurls bounced on his head whenever he turned. His seafoam green and pastel lavender varsity jacket bore a chenille patch shaped like an ampersand. He wore a fitted white t-shirt printed with a large line art graphic of a disassembled human arm. His blue jeans fit so well they looked tailored, and his baby blue suede Nike Air Force 1’s appeared immaculate. Except for the blood.
Velocity looked a little older than Oren, probably nineteen, and had mixed Latine heritage. Their shorter height made them appear pressurized, somehow. They had wide, expressive facial features, accentuated by bright red lipstick and meticulously applied black and white spiraling eye makeup. Their jersey bore a large image of fish, a yellow tang, with a fierce, stylized expression, with a background of black and yellow vertical stripes. They wore a pair of small black athletic shorts and red and yellow checkered Vans. Bruises covered their shins.
Oren added, “And that’s Mambele.”
He pointed over his shoulder at the sedan, a 1990 Nissan Sentra B12. Errant rays of headlight radiance caught on the edges of the car’s deep blue angular body, so that it sat outlined in gold against the night. A patch of heavy oxidation covered most of the hood.
Jhansi looked from Oren to Velocity, to the car, and then back again.
“Beautiful.”
Oren flushed.
He ran a hand through his hair.
“Eh. Maybe.” 
He looked up at the moon.
“Anyway, we should get going.”
Velocity called shotgun, which made sense.
Jhansi knew they would expect her to sit in the back. She followed Oren to the car, slowing as she passed the corpse of the monster. Something pulsed in the pit of her interior space. Those dark fragments from earlier. They pulled at each other, and at Jhansi. She stomped them back into nothing.
The monster’s body looked big. Bigger than Jhansi had expected, somehow. She purposefully didn’t look at the head. The corpse wore a slate gray military dress uniform, the austere formality of the tailored three-button coat and pressed trousers incongruous against the monster's brutal physiology. The gray color complemented the desaturated blue of the monster’s skin. An embroidered design covered most of the front of the coat. A stylized, angular, unremarkable face. It stared at Jhansi with flat contempt.
The monster’s massive fingers tapered into gleaming six-inch claws. They pierced outward from beneath the skin, as though made of bone. At some point Oren had smashed one of the thing’s hands. White shards protruded from split flesh between fingers bent at odd angles. Orange blood dripped slowly to the asphalt.
Jhansi admitted, “Okay, I don’t think that’s a person.”
The other teenagers agreed in unison.
“Yeah.”
Oren added, “That’s an endling.”
Jhansi nodded as though that made sense.
“Endling.”
She added, “Cool name.”
Velocity barked a laugh.
“I guess so.”
Jhansi asked, “And you guys are, what, superheroes, or something? Fighting the endlings to save the world?”
Oren and Velocity both stared at Jhansi.
At last Oren replied, “Sure, you could say that.”
He paused for a beat.
“Kind of. It’s complicated.”
Velocity looked at Oren and raised their eyebrows.
“Right. Complicated.”
They looked at Jhansi.
“We’re special ones. We’re special ones fighting the endlings to save the world.”
Jhansi narrowed her eyes.
“Right.”
Special ones.
Oren opened the driver’s side door–Mambele only had two–and reached down to pop the seat forward. Jhansi understood the cue and climbed into the back, settling and buckling in. The seat welcomed her easily. She looked around. The dome light glowed a deep, muted purple, casting the interior into a dreamy twilight. Sticky, glow-in-the-dark stars patterned the roof with disparate constellations. Dark stains mottled the upholstery.
Mambele jostled and Jhansi realized the other teenagers had opened and closed the trunk.
They lowered themselves into the sedan, neither carrying their weapon. The dome light blinked out when they closed their doors, for a moment reducing Jhansi’s world to the empty parking lot outside the windshield.
A key waited in the ignition. Oren gave it a turn and Mambele’s engine hummed to life. A sound filled the cabin, something like digitized bells, low and resonant, pitching up and down through a slow arpeggio. It sounded not unlike the noise Oren’s weapon had made.
Genuinely beautiful.
Another purple light, brighter and more saturated than the dome light, bloomed behind the shifter, which looked unlike anything Jhansi had ever seen. A series of steps climbed up from the center console all the way to the dashboard. The shifter knob rested in a notch, labeled P, located in the bottom step. A labyrinthine series of pathways spread upward and outward from the notch, most of them crossing and looping back over each other. Jhansi counted maybe ten other notches, all of them labeled with unrecognizable symbols. The more she stared, trying to trace any single pathway, the more impossible she found it to understand.
Oren gripped some trigger on the back of the steering wheel–the clutch?–and pushed the shifter through its maze. It found a notch to rest in, and the labeling symbol changed to an R. Oren stepped on the accelerator, backing Mambele away from the endling corpse. He spun the wheel, squeezed the clutch trigger, shifted into first, and pulled out into the street.
The black miasma of the night hung heavy and viscous, limiting visibility to maybe a dozen meters. Mambele's headlights cut through it, and at first Jhansi thought maybe nothing else could. Then a blue pinpoint of light emerged in the distance.
Eerie.
They approached. The light came from an illuminated streetlamp. A blue glow washed through the cabin, bathing Jhansi in a warmth she could only feel on the inside. A couple dozen meters later they neared and then passed another lit streetlamp, this one green. The cadence continued, blue and green lights intermittently flashing above. They didn't do much to push back the dark, but as Jhansi searched and her eyes adjusted, she found that she could spot them from much further away than she'd originally thought.
Other things glowed too. A luminous yellow glare lit the interior of a noodle shop that passed by on their right. A lavender light beamed out from a bus stop with a busted glass awning. Orange rays shone from behind the closed window of a food truck.
Jhansi asked, “So what's with the dark?”
Velocity said, “It's nighttime?”
Oren replied, “That's the cloak.”
Jhansi repeated, “The cloak.”
Oren nodded.
Jhansi asked, “Why’s it like that?”
Oren laughed, once.
“I have no idea.”
He gestured out the windshield.
“That's just the way it is.”
“Huh.”
Jhansi paused.
She asked, “What's with the lights?”
Oren laughed again, longer this time.
“Those are nebulites.”
Jhansi repeated, “Nebulites.”
She added, “And that's just the way it is?”
Oren nodded.
“That’s just the way it is.”
“Huh.”
Beautiful and hypnotizing.
Silence returned. Jhansi traced their route through her mental map of the city. She had lived her whole life in this neighborhood, at the eastern edge of the southeast district of St. Alëmskaan’machi. For the last two years, since Prem had gone to college, she’d spent every night quietly sneaking out of the house to wander for hours through residential streets and empty business parking lots.
Oren drove like he knew this part of the city.
Jhansi liked that.
Oren turned north at the avenue that defined the eastern boundary of the neighborhood, probably taking them toward the ramp onto the highway. They passed an arterial street that led toward Jhansi’s house. It felt natural to pass by.
What would Prem say if he saw her right now? Not nothing, at least. But what, exactly?
Jhansi thought about trying to reach out to Prem yet again. A cold darkness began to compress her interior space, pushing her toward the back, bringing all the spikes in closer. She’d spent the last year trying everything she could think of to reach him. Nothing had worked.
What a pathetic, clingy girl.
Well fuck Prem anyway.
What about her parents? They’d probably loose their shit. But not because Jhansi had gotten into the car. Nah. Instead they’d focus on the revelation of her nightly neighborhood wandering.
Her mother would lament, “I just don’t understand why you feel like you need to do that. You’re such a good girl. You know how special you are.”
Her dad would pull her aside, into the hallway upstairs or the garage, and–looming, with iron eyes and arms crossed so hard Jhansi could count the veins–hiss, “Knock. This. Off.”
Each word would strike straight at Jhansi’s lizard brain.
Velocity turned in their seat and gave Jhansi a look.
They asked bluntly, “Seriously though, what were you doing out in the pitch fucking black middle of the night?”
Hah.
Jhansi laughed.
She singsonged, “Promise you won’t tell on me?”
Velocity narrowed their eyes.
After a moment they crossed their heart.
“Death to tattlers.”
Jhansi smirked.
“I’ve got a secret.”
Velocity raised their eyebrows.
Jhansi leaned closer. Light twinkled on the pair of glass plug earrings Velocity wore. Both had miniature cockle shells fixed in their centers, one blue, the other green. A silver rope chain hung around Velocity's neck, weighed down by a bright red auger shell pendant. It looked worn, smoothed and muted.
Jhansi whispered, “I hate being home.”
Velocity barked a laugh.
They agreed.
“Fair.”
Oren agreed.
“Fair.”
Velocity stared at Jhansi.
Jhansi stared back, watching Velocity's expression shift through half a dozen indecipherable shapes.
Eventually Velocity said, “You really were just wandering around out there, huh? And you just fucking stumbled into the netherlume shift. Your poor, dumbass self. What were you doing today? Like, during the day. Did you do anything different? Or, special?”
That word again.
Jhansi shook her head.
“I don’t even remember my day.”
Oren agreed.
“Most of us don’t. That’s the thing with the daydreaming.”
Jhansi tilted her head.
“Another important word? There’s not going to be a test, is there?”
Velocity shook their head.
“It’s all a test, babe.”
They paused, then added, “The daydreaming is how we get ready to be a special one.”
Jhansi said, “You do keep saying that phrase.”
“I do! That’s what we are. Special ones. We do time in the netherlume shift. It’s us–”
They gestured to Oren, themselves, and Jhansi. 
“–against Egaeus and His endlings.”
They paused, then added, “Sort of.”
Jhansi nodded.
“Right. And your training montage happens during the daydreaming?”
Velocity pursed their lips.
“Yeah, basically. But also not at all.”
Jhansi made a face.
“How helpful.”
Velocity shrugged.
“It’s …”
They paused.
“I guess it’s hard to describe if you haven’t gone through it. It’s sort of like … a place you go.”
They paused again.
“Sort of.”
Jhansi didn't change her expression.
“As opposed to a place you don’t go.”
Velocity snapped their fingers into the shape of a gun and pointed at Jhansi.
“Exactly. And you get there when you’re not thinking about anything else.”
They paused once more, then added, “Sort of.”
Jhansi blinked.
“Right. And there’s a little guy who tells you everything’s fucked up, and he gives you a sword?”
Oren replied, “Actually, yeah.”
Jhansi turned.
“Wait, really?”
Oren shrugged.
“Well, there’s no little guy, but you do get a gift, and a sword.”
Hah!
Jhansi grinned.
“Swords! Your blinky weapons!”
Oren confirmed, “Exactly.”
Jhansi exclaimed, “I knew it!”
She asked, “How’s it work?”
Velocity replied, “You swing it hard at the monster’s head?”
Jhansi gave them a sour face.
She added, “It glows.”
Oren replied, “Ah. Killcolors. Cyan to magenta. That happens when your attack is a killswing. The sound that comes after is the sword’s killchime.”
Lots of killwords, got it.
Jhansi leaned forward.
“That’s honestly pretty cool.”
Oren and Velocity agreed in unison.
“Yeah.”
Velocity asked, “So how much did you see?”
Jhansi thought about her first memory of the night.
“The killswing. Everything before that is fuzzy.”
“The killswing? You mean, Oren’s?”
“You had one too?”
Velocity clicked their tongue.
Of course they’d had one. Jhansi had seen them covered in blood. Stupid of her to not put that together.
Waitaminute.
Jhansi blinked.
Not a single drop of blood stained Oren or Velocity’s clothes.
Jhansi exclaimed, “Oh shit, wait, where’s the blood?”
Velocity replied, “In your veins?”
“Oh fuck off. I mean on your clothes.”
Velocity giggled.
Oren said, “That’s Mambele.”
He patted the dashboard affectionately.
“Your messed up stuff gets refreshed when you come back to your car.”
“Messed up stuff? Like, your health?”
Velocity said, “Only love can refresh your health.”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
Oren added, “It’s complicated. Mambele refreshes your equipment, whatever gets gross or broken, and relieves some of the mental fatigue that’ll …”
He waved a hand in the air. 
“Take hold out there.”
While fighting endlings.
Jhansi pictured the monster’s corpse. 
Hadn’t Oren killed it with ease?
She asked, “How much fighting is there?”
Velocity replied, “All of it.”
Oren ran a hand through his hair.
He explained, “The netherlume shift lasts for twenty-four hours in the sixty seconds between midnight and twelve-oh-one AM local time.”
Jhansi blinked.
“Damn.”
A whole fucking day.
“And, what, you spend that time fighting increasingly difficult waves of endlings? All, uh, day-night? All night-day?”
Velocity said, “Night-day is probably closest.”
Oren replied, “Yeah, that’s … kinda how it goes,” speaking to Jhansi.
He didn't offer any further explanation.
Jhansi tried to picture the scale of the fighting.
“Where do the endlings come from?”
Oren and Velocity answered again in unison.
“The moon.”
Jhansi blinked, then blinked again.
She asked skeptically, “The monsters come from the moon?”
Oren said, “Technically, Egaeus creates them on the moon.”
Hm.
Jhansi repeated the name.
“Egaeus.”
Her interior space squirmed, just once, and stilled.
Jhansi said, “I don't like that name.”
Nobody spoke.
Jhansi asked, “He’s the final boss?”
Oren chuckled darkly.
He answered in a complicated tone.
“He’s the Lord of the Moon.”
Jhansi scoffed.
“What?”
Velocity laughed.
“That’s what He calls Himself.”
Jhansi shook her head.
“I’m sorry, the moon doesn’t have a Lord.”
Velocity laughed again, once, ruefully.
“Go ahead and tell Him that.”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
“Watch me.” 
She paused, then continued.
“So what’s the deal? We have to get to the moon and stop Him? Is that how we win? What if He’s still alive after the twenty four hours are up?”
The conversation stopped.
The cabin flickered as nebulites passed by overhead.
Darkness swelled in between each fleeting burst of light.
Jhansi looked between the two other teenagers.
She had a hard time seeing their faces.
Okay?
Had she said something wrong?
At last Velocity replied.
“I don’t think you need to worry about that.”
Oren added, “You don’t really … stop Him.”
What? 
Weird.
Jhansi narrowed her eyes. 
“Okay, so it’s just a race to the finish line? Survive the monsters and get to the moon? The kid in first place gets a prize or something?”
Oren stared for a long moment at the road ahead. He rubbed his thumbs idly on the steering wheel. His chest rose and fell.
He replied.
“Most of us will die a long time before we get to the moon.”
Well sure, not every player could win the game.
Jhansi said, “That makes sense. So what happens when you die? Do you get to watch while you wait around for it to end or something?”
Oren slowed Mambele. He turned left at the intersection near the highway on-ramp, but instead of taking it, he took them through the highway underpass, heading away from the ocean and toward the city center. Jhansi didn’t know this neighborhood as well as her own.
Velocity replied curtly.
“Nah, you probably don’t get to watch.”
Why were they acting like this?
Jhansi needled, “You mean you don’t know what happens?”
Oren and Velocity shrugged in unison.
Red and black high voltage barbs began to press upward from the deep bottom of Jhansi’s interior space. Her shoulders tensed. Her jaw, too. And her feet. Her breathing came faster and her chest tightened.
She said, “We do go back when the night’s over,” and tried her best to keep the statement from sounding like a question. 
Velocity replied with the slightest smile.
Jhansi’s breath caught in her throat.
She squeaked, “You mean we just die?”
Velocity nodded once.
They said, “We just die.”
Jhansi grasped the seat, her voice strained.
“What?”
She turned to look at Oren and asked through gritted teeth, “How do you know?”
Oren explained, “One of the things you do during the daydreaming is watch other playthroughs.”
He paused, then finished.
“Nobody makes it through the night.”
Fuck.
What the fuck?
Jhansi shouted, “But that doesn’t mean we have to die in the real world!”
Oren said, “This isn’t the real world?”
Jhansi gestured around wildly.
“No! Obviously! Look at this fucking place!”
Oren shrugged.
Velocity said, “Did anyone ever prepare you for this?”
Jhansi blinked.
“What? No, but–”
“Don’t you think someone would have tried to share this experience, if they’d survived it?”
“Well sure, but–”
“Do you think you know more about this place than we do?”
“No, goddammit!”
Jhansi gritted her teeth.
She pleaded, “Shouldn’t we at least get to go back if we’re alive at the end of the night?”
Oren shook his head.
“When the lunar terminator maxes out, Egaeus kills us all.”
Jhansi yelled, somehow even louder than before, “He kills everyone?”
Velocity shrugged and said, “Not the endlings.”
Oren said, “Yep. Everyone.”
Jhansi's voice pitched upward.
“Okay, but maybe it's just a dream we don't remember!”
Velocity nodded.
“If that’s what you need to tell yourself.”
Fuck.
Jhansi’s lips pulled back.
“Okay, but, I'm not like you! I'm not supposed to be here! Maybe I'm special! Maybe I won't die!”
Velocity blinked.
“Do you really think you’re the only thing here that can’t die?”
Fuck fuck fuck.
Jhansi swallowed and choked on her own spit.
“I don’t want to fucking die tonight!”
Velocity gave her a long look. They looked away, stared past Oren, out the driver’s side window. Their pendant glittered.
They said, “Nobody does.”
The barbs in Jhansi’s interior space seethed, crackling as they penetrated inward, moving slowly at first but relentlessly gaining momentum. They gouged at her defenses, piercing through, taking hold within her. She stumbled into the back. The spikes extruded to follow her. The world lit up with a thousand shimmering points of pain. Jhansi had no power to stop it. Her body went rigid. It hurt so bad. She didn't know how to keep it all inside. She didn’t know how to keep any of it inside.
It fucking hurt.
Heat rose in her cheeks as tears welled.
Fuck that.
She would not fucking cry like a little fucking baby in front of these other kids.
What a stupid, weak little bitch.
Jhansi couldn’t take it. She screamed. She smashed both hands against the roof. Her palms throbbed. She screamed again, cursing, slamming her elbows back against the seat. The upholstery yielded too easy, she found no relief. She screamed out fuck and beat her fists against her thighs, again and again, swinging her arms as hard as she could.
Not a coward, not a coward.
She could turn everything into pain.
She could fucking show them.
She kicked at the back of Oren’s seat and shrieked until she ran out of breath.
She looked up and saw the expression on Velocity’s face.
Fuck.
Fuck.
She gasped, “Fuck.”
What the fuck.
She pushed herself back in her seat, sinking into the upholstery, looking down and away from Velocity’s gaze, her shoulders and neck tensing harder.
Her entire body felt raw.
Fuck.
What an awful bitch.
She said, “Just let me out.”
Velocity looked at Oren.
Oren looked at Jhansi in the rearview mirror.
“Why?”
Jhansi looked up.
“What?”
Oren repeated the word.
“Why?”
Jhansi scowled.
“Because I suck?”
She gestured around.
“Because you hate me?”
Her scowl deepened.
“Because it's what I deserve?”
Oren stared at her.
He returned his eyes to the road.
“No.”
Jhansi blinked.
“What?”
Oren repeated the word.
“No.”
Jhansi watched him, while Velocity watched her.
Eventually Jhansi looked back down at the floor.
She sat like that for a long time.
At last she said, quietly, “I’m sorry.”
Velocity clicked their teeth.
“Wow.”
Jhansi repeated, “I’m sorry.”
Velocity just stared.
Well what the fuck?
Jhansi shouted at the floor.
“I’m sorry!”
Velocity huffed.
“How old are you?”
Jhansi blinked.
“What?”
She almost looked up.
She had no idea how to feel about Velocity's question.
Velocity shook their head.
“I’m glad we found you.”
Jhansi balked.
“What?”
This time she did look up.
She had no fucking idea how to decipher Velocity’s expression.
Velocity said, “I don’t even want to think about what would’ve happened if you got picked up by some other kids.”
What?
Jhansi made a face.
“What the hell does that mean?”
Velocity’s expression changed, but remained incomprehensible. They held Jhansi's gaze. It didn't feel great.
Finally they said, “I hear Binyelum’s pretty cool.”
Jhansi stared.
She didn't understand any of this.
So did they hate her or what?
She pouted, “Cryptic,” and cringed at her own tone.
Oren explained, “Duet’s like our leader.”
Thank fuck for the diversion.
Jhansi asked, “Duet is Binyelum?”
“Yeah.”
“And they lead, what, everyone?”
Oren laughed, the sound achingly relieving.
“No, but they’d love that you asked. They lead a little group of us. Six. I was picking up Velocity when you wandered in. Another one of us is still missing.”
Jhansi looked from Oren to Velocity and back.
She tried to keep her tone even and asked, “I’m not the mysterious missing sixth member, am I?”
Velocity laughed.
Oren did too, shaking his head.
“No, I don't think you're Kiran.”
Welp.
Duh.
Still, kinda disappointing.
Jhansi said, “Fair.”
She paused, then asked, “So how do you know each other?”
Velocity shrugged.
Oren explained, “The daydreaming.”
Velocity added, “I’ve never actually met any of these dorks before.”
Oren countered, “Takes a dork to know a dork.”
Velocity narrowed their eyes.
“What about biblically?”
Oren raised an eyebrow.
“You wanna know what it takes to know a dork biblically?”
Velocity nodded, their eyes glinting.
Oren ran a hand through his hair and shook his head dramatically.
“Untold bravery.”
Velocity smiled.
“Oh no.”
They leaned closer to Oren.
“What happens if I run away?”
They batted their eyelashes and asked in a mock whine, “Do I get chased?”
Oren shook his head and said solemnly, “Dorks only mate with those who prove their worth. Chasing is for the Mesonoxian.”
Velocity frowned in disgust.
“Woof. Mood killer.”
Jhansi interrupted.
“I’m sorry, but you're making up words again.”
Velocity gave her a look she didn't understand, then nodded toward Oren.
“She’s right, dork mating isn't real.”
Oren whistled.
“Harsh.”
Jhansi rolled her eyes.
“No, the m word. Mezzomnominom or whatever.”
Velocity gave her another, harsher.
“Love the morbid curiosity, dude.”
Oren said, “The Mesonoxian. Despair itself.”
Jhansi raised an eyebrow.
“For real? That’s, what? A really big endling or something?”
For a moment neither teenager replied.
At last Oren said, “I don't know if anybody knows.”
Jhansi blinked.
“There's a lot of stuff you guys don't know.”
Velocity raised both eyebrows.
“Again, just how much do you know?”
Jhansi pursed her lips and stayed quiet.
Oren explained, “Yeah, the Mesonoxian is probably an endling, or more likely an alterling. Velocity wasn't kidding, though. Don’t summon that motherfucker.”
An extra strong enemy, nothing surprising about that.
Jhansi asked, “What's an alterling?”
Oren paused, then gave a strange sigh.
“So, endlings worship Egaeus. He creates them, and they live and work in His service, harvesting memory cards as offerings.”
Memory cards.
That must refer to the object Jhansi had watched Oren crush and bury in the endling's body.
“If Egaeus is pleased with an endling’s offerings at the end of the netherlume shift, He’ll reward them with new ranks and abilities, depending on the quality of their offerings. But there’s other stuff you can do with a memory card, you don’t have to offer it to Egaeus. If an endling chooses to consume a memory card, instead of giving it up as an offering, they’ll diverge from the traditional hierarchy of endling rank and ability and start developing in ways that otherwise wouldn't be possible. It's a complicated process, the results vary pretty wildly from alterling to altering, but regardless, the moment an endling first makes that decision, they become an alterling. Their uniform doesn't fit anymore, they can no longer wear the Sigil of Egaeus and live in His service. Instead, they live by their own design, hunting down memory cards and altering their experience further in alignment with their strengths and desires.”
Jhansi thought about this.
She asked, “So endlings and alterlings kill each other for memory cards?”
Oren took his eyes off the road and looked at her for a moment, then turned back to the road ahead.
“Yep.”
“But alterlings aren't really fighting against Egaeus, the way you special ones are?”
Oren blinked, then sighed. 
“Yep.”
Jhansi thought about this.
“Then, wait, how do you fit into all this? Where do you come from?”
Both teenagers paused for a much longer moment than Jhansi expected.
At last Velocity said, “We’re on our second run.”
Jhansi narrowed her eyes.
“Your second?”
Oren said, slowly, “A new-game-plus.”
Jhansi blinked.
“So you beat the game already?”
She looked at Velocity.
“But you just said that wasn’t possible.”
Velocity smiled strangely, then laughed once.
Oren sighed and said, “No, we didn’t beat the game.”
He paused, then added, “We died.”
“What?”
Jhansi scowled.
“But you just said–”
“After I killed that endling, do you remember what I did with their memory card?”
Jhansi paused.
“Wait.”
“So you do remember.”
Jhansi shook her head.
“Yeah, but, no way. Seriously? That’s where you come from?”
“Yep.”
Oren nodded.
“That’s where we come from.”
Jhansi stared at him, then looked at Velocity.
“You were endlings?”
Velocity stared back at her.
Oren shrugged.
“Yeah, pretty much.”
Jhansi blinked.
She had no idea what that meant.
At last she asked, “Why?”
Neither of the other teenagers replied.
Jhansi looked back and forth between them.
She asked, “So wait, what happens if you guys consume a memory card?”
For a moment neither teenager moved, then Oren gave the smallest smile, the corner of his mouth lifting the barest degree, and sighed.
“It charges our gift.”
Jhansi blinked.
“Your gift? You used that phrase earlier, too. Is that like a special power or something?”
Oren’s smile widened by a degree.
“Exactly.”
Fucking score.
“It's a power we can't use ourselves. It has to be shared. And we have to consume memory cards to keep it charged.”
Oren paused as if considering something, then continued.
“It's hard to know how many shares are in a memory card–that depends on the strength of your gift, the strength of the memories inside the card, and some unknown factors besides–but you’ll always know how many shares you’ve got before you’ll need to consume another memory card.”
“What, is there like a HUD or something?”
Oren laughed and shook his head.
“No. You just know. You can feel it inside you.”
Huh.
“Is there a limit to how many memory cards you can consume?”
Oren shook his head.
“No, you can consume as many as you want. But at some point you’ll get giftsick, and heinous shit will start happening whenever you try to share your gift.”
Jhansi repeated, “Giftsick.”
Velocity made a face.
They said, “It's real grody.”
“Right.”
Jhansi furrowed her brows and thought for a moment.
“How’s it work, sharing your gift?”
Oren smiled.
“You just touch and push.”
“What happens? Their next attack gets a power boost or something?”
Velocity grinned.
“So much cool shit happens.”
Oren nodded and let his smile widen.
“Yeah, so much cool shit.”
“Right.”
Jhansi’s mind buzzed.
She looked down at her hands, fidgeted for a moment, then looked back up.
Oren turned Mambele onto another unfamiliar street.
Jhansi asked, “So, wait. You’ve all still got your memory cards, right? But they’re just like, crushed up inside you?”
Oren chuckled.
“No, they’re very much intact.”
He paused.
“They’re just … a little different.”
He ran a hand through his hair.
“I don't think anyone can spend time on the netherlume shift without one.”
Velocity raised their eyebrows at Oren, then looked at Jhansi with an inscrutable expression.
Weirdly pointed, but okay.
Jhansi asked, “So you can consume each other’s memory cards?”
Velocity’s expression shifted sharply.
They leaned forward and loomed over Jhansi.
“What?”
Jhansi blinked.
“What what?”
Velocity scoffed.
“That’s what's important to you?”
Jhansi's eyebrows shot upward.
She leaned back and put up her hands.
“What?”
Seriously, what the hell?
“No, it's not imp–”
Oren interrupted.
“You’re talking about being a kideater.”
Velocity whirled to look at Oren.
Oren paused, then shrugged.
“Yeah, we can consume each other's memory cards. But it works exactly the same as consuming any other memory card, so ...”
He didn't finish the thought. Velocity returned their attention to Jhansi but stayed silent. Jhansi held Velocity’s stare, her hands still raised, then directed her attention back to Oren.
“And nothing grody happens?”
Oren replied flatly.
“Nope.”
Velocity said, “That really depends on what feels grody to you,” their expression unchanging.
“What's that mean?”
Oren shrugged.
“You get ostracized.”
Jhansi looked between both teenagers.
“That's … fair.”
Velocity asked, “Any more smart questions?”
“What?”
Seriously, what gives?
Jhansi needled, “No.”
Oren shot a glance at Velocity.
“She's just trying to understand.”
Velocity blinked.
“Really? Are you sure?”
Jhansi groaned.
What the hell had she done wrong?
Against her will she protested, “I really am trying!”
Velocity clicked their teeth.
“Okay.”
Their eyes narrowed.
“You're trying something, at least.”
Jhansi crossed her arms.
“I didn’t ask for this, you know.”
Velocity gave her a dry smile.
“Did you not?”
Oren snapped, “Velocity.”
Velocity matched his tone and snapped, “What, Oren?”
Oren paused.
He said, in a more measured tone, “Do you really think she's going to try to kill us?”
What?
Jhansi said, “Wait, you don't–”
Velocity interrupted.
“I don't know what to think, Oren. This is all completely fucked up. I don't think that believing everyone you meet tonight is going to give you whatever it is to that you want.”
Oren didn't reply. Jhansi waited. She kept waiting. Nothing. Jhansi didn't want to attempt to resuscitate the conversation. She turned away and looked out the window.
So.
What the hell?
What the entire hell had happened tonight?
Oren turned Mambele onto a wider road, lit by a more dense populace of nebulites, and took them out of the neighborhood. Jhansi stared directly into each blue orb of radiance as it passed overhead. The strobing filled her interior space. The lights burned white circles into her vision.
At last Oren said something to Velocity, but Jhansi stayed checked out.
Had she gone crazy? Oren and Velocity hadn't exactly said or done anything to inspire any other feeling. Oren had tried to help, at least, but … help with what?
An understanding?
Of the rules?
Of this game?
It seemed like a game, at least, even though Oren and Velocity had acted cagey about so much of it. Because they didn't know everything? Maybe. Or maybe they just wanted to poke fun at a stupid, naive girl. Maybe they just wanted to make her feel small and ignorant.
Not that it took much work.
Ugh.
Pathetic.
Still, the fact remained. Oren and Velocity didn’t know everything. Neither of them could explain how Jhansi had gotten here.
It seemed unlikely that Duet would have any more answers.
Jhansi obviously did not belong here.
A useless anomaly.
So classic it felt passeé.
She didn't have any swords or gifts or cool clothes or any of the knowledge that these other teenagers had.
How fucking lame.
A pit began to open in Jhansi's interior space. Ignoring it never worked. It sucked at all the color, pulling it away to someplace she couldn't go. Her stomach began to hurt. No way would she let herself cry.
Fuck, though. Belonging here would feel so fucking cool. A sick fucking audacious teenager fighting monsters all night. If she got to pick, what kind of sword would she want? Probably an actual sword. She would do acrobatics, kill with a flourish, like how Oren had taken down that endling, but even cooler still.
What wouldn't she give to feel that? Pretty much nothing. To have an experience like these other teens? To get to show up and have everyone marvel at her spellbinding confidence and competence? To always know exactly what to say, to effortlessly make friends, to have everyone find her attractive?
The pit opened wider, sucking at more than just the color. Fixtures came unmoored. Jhansi felt them tumbling away to that unreachable place. The hollow ache spread upward, throbbing in her chest, then in her throat.
Pathetic.
She should know better.
She didn't belong here.
Only someone weak would yearn to belong where they didn't.
Still, though.
She had ended up here.
Maybe she did have something special going on.
Maybe she had some special characteristic that set her apart from everyone else in the world.
Oren and Velocity had said that nobody survives the netherlume shift. But they didn't know all the rules. Maybe Jhansi fit into the puzzle like that. Maybe she alone could survive. Maybe she alone could beat Egaeus.
No one but Jhansi could beat Egaeus, and she would get to save everyone.
The more she considered it, the more it seemed like the truth.
She couldn't think of any other explanation.
She didn't share anything in common with these other teenagers, but she definitely hadn't come here as a bad guy, a fucking endling.
So, yeah.
Jhansi, the ultra rare specialing.
The Chosen One.
Stupid.
Stupid stupid stupid.
At least the pit began to close.
Mambele slowed and Jhansi looked up from her reverie.

Jhansi Aur - Encounter I End

Kills
0001 - blue endlings - Oren
0001 - blue endlings - Velocity
0000 - Jhansi

Shares
0000 - Oren
0000 - Velocity
0000 - Jhansi

Duration: 15 minutes

Rank: Jelly Star
