Jhansi Aur - Encounter III
[1340 MINUTES REMAINING]
Lunar Terminator @ 6.94% Luminosity

Partway through the seventeenth century, Swedish settlers arrived on the eastern coastline of the North American continent. They sailed south along the land inhabited by the Lenape people, eventually coming across a wide, recessed bay, its mouth protected by a long, narrow, rocky and uninhabitable island. They passed into the bay, continuing until they reached the furthest inland point of the bay’s triangular body, where the water flowed into a river that stretched further into the continent. They weighed anchor and established a colony.
Over several centuries, and through a storied history of violence, that colony grew into the port city of St. Alëmskaan’machi, the largest metropolitan area in the state of Delaware and one of the preeminent American economic hubs. An expansive port stretched along the southern edge of Goldbar Bay, opposite the industrial district to the north. Shipping traffic entered the bay through the passage south of the Portvaktens Palats, the barrier island, and exited via the northern passage.
The metal spires of the downtown district rose in a crowd near the Brightbird River estuary, and the rest of the city sprawled inland, divided by the river itself, with privileged neighborhoods stretching northward and working class neighborhoods relegated to the south. A series of eclectic, beloved bridges connected both halves of the city, most of them designed for automotive traffic, a handful exclusively for foot traffic.
The Bridgemall Commercial Park served a different purpose. A tied-arch design held aloft the two-story, one-hundred and fifty meter structure, which spanned the Brightbird River from north to south, about two miles inland from the estuary. Inside, shoppers could patronize any of the mall’s two-hundred trendy stores, or enjoy a meal at the food court, where two specially engineered glass floors, one connecting both mezzanines on the second floor and the other serving as the main walkway on the first floor, granted a nearly unobstructed view of the river more than fifty meters below.
Jhansi said, “I love Bridgemall!”
She paused, then added, “What’s at Bridgemall?”
Bineylum said, “We’re looking for someone.”
Right, Oren had said something about that.
Someone with a K name?
Jhansi asked, “What’s the deal with that? How do you know they’re supposed to be with you? How come they’re not?”
Binyelum dragged their fingers across the shifter.
“I know she’s supposed to be with us because I saw her in the daydreaming. We all saw each other, that’s part of how it works.”
Yet another anomaly in Jhansi’s experience.
Great.
Nebulites blinked into the cabin at uneven intervals.
Binyelum said, “I don’t know why she wasn’t close by when the netherlume shift started tonight.”
They paused, then added, “It worries me.”
Jhansi asked, “But she’s at Bridgemall?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“No. But it looks like there’s probably an endling at Bridgemall who knows where she is.”
Jhansi blinked.
“You learned that from the memory card you crushed?”
Binyelum said, “We all learned it.”
Velocity bucked their legs, bouncing Jhansi.
“Didn’t you break a memory card too?”
Jhansi frowned.
She looked across at Oren, searching his face for support as she replied.
“Well. Yeah. I just–”
Binyelum interrupted.
“She has a hard time with the memories.”
Oren blinked at her.
Velocity made a small noise.
“Figures.”
Sebastian looked pained.
“And you’re still sure she’s not gonna fuck anything up?”
Jhansi said, “Hey!”
Binyelum shrugged.
“I prefer practice over theory.”
Sebastian made a face, pressing together his lips and bugging out his eyes.
Thorns of static began to grow in Jhansi’s interior space. She pushed them back down, hard, smashing their roots. It hurt, but it would hurt a lot more to lose control on Velocity’s lap.
She said, “What’s it like? Seeing a memory like that?”
Sebastian’s expression turned into a theatrical leer.
“I watched through an endling’s eyes as it ate a teenager’s head.”
Sebastian’s leer widened. His eyes went manic, and distant. He spoke breathlessly.
Jhansi swallowed.
Sebastian continued.
“I felt it. All of it. Not just the way their body twitched and squirmed in my grip, but the way I felt about it. I loved it. It felt so good, seeing them so helpless and pathetic and amusing. Their squealing resonated in my mouth. I could taste their tears and snot on my tongue. I salivated. And chewed. I felt designed for it. Just a little pressure and–”
Sebastian laughed.
“–their squealing pitched up like a fucking cartoon. It was so fucking funny! I couldn’t hold back. I bit down. Their skull gave way all at once, shattering and caving in. Brains squeezed into my mouth like fucking easy cheese. Their whole life spurted onto my tongue and I swallowed it down.”
What?
Jhansi said, “That’s–”
Sebastian kept going.
“They pissed and shit them–”
Nancy reached from the front seat and slapped Sebastian’s face.
He blinked. A spot of pink blossomed where Nancy had struck. He raised a hand and touched it. He swallowed.
“Sorry.”
Nancy stared at him with an indecipherable expression.
Jhansi blinked.
What the fuck?
She breathed hard, practically snorting through flared nostrils. Blood pounded in her ears. Her stomach felt hot and tight.
What the hell did this feeling mean?
For a moment nobody spoke.
At last Binyelum asked, “Did you get to see their gift?”
Sebastian shook their head.
“What?”
Binyelum expounded.
“That special one, they had a gift. Did you get to see them use it?”
Sebastian paused.
“Actually, yeah, I did.”
“Well, what was it?”
A vacant seafood market emerged from the cloak on their right. Somewhere behind its boarded up windows a nebulite emitted a soft blue glow. Orange blood dripped down the graffiti painted across its facade.
“Their gift was a mobility boost, a kind of jump, I guess? When they shared their gift they’d launch you forward and upward, pretty hard, without any kind of charge up at all, at a little less than a forty-five degree angle. You’d even get a little animated motion line afterimage. I watched them throw a special one with a pipe wrench straight into an endling’s face. The wrench smashed through the endling’s eye. It was a killswing.”
Binyelum nodded.
“That’s a pretty neat gift.”
Jhansi stared through Sebastian and tried to clear her thoughts.
Binyelum said, “It's probably going to be like that at Bridgemall.”
What?
Jhansi thought about watching through Mambele’s window as the Asterlings fought those endlings in the cafe. If they had lost, would it have ended like Sebastian had just described? Jhansi swallowed.
Binyelum pulled into a parking lot. Jhansi whipped around. They couldn’t have already reached Bridgemall. No way, not yet.
Binyelum pulled the parking brake and again left the engine running. They exited Mambele, and popped the seat forward. Nancy filed out, and Sebastian and Oren followed her.
Velocity said, “Come on, princess, let’s get going.”
Jhansi blinked.
She blushed and hurried out of the car. Velocity followed. They left the door open.
Jhansi looked around. Binyelum hadn’t parked anywhere with a nebulite. Jhansi couldn’t see far into the cloak, but still, this didn’t look like Bridgemall at all.
Jhansi asked, “Where are we?”
Binyelum pointed upward.
“The Washington Center.”
The Washington Center office campus consisted of an octagonal, thirteen-story tower and two adjoining rectangular buildings, one to the northwest with five stories, the other to the northeast with seven stories. Wide, glass-encased breezeways connected the smaller buildings to the central tower. The parking lot sat southward of the campus, with a second and third level underground.
Jhansi looked up to where Binyelum pointed.
She couldn’t see shit.
She said, “I can’t see shit.”
Binyelum laughed.
“Yeah. It’ll get easier to see through the cloak as the moon gets full.”
Jhansi stopped craning her neck.
“So why are we here?”
Binyelum said, “We need to scout the route to Bridgemall.”
Jhansi blinked.
“Scout?”
Sebastian laughed.
“Do you know the safest way to Bridgemall?”
Jhansi thought for a second.
“I guess probably head south from here until we reach one of the wider neighborhood avenues that will take us onto the highway, and from there we–”
Sebastian interrupted.
“And you’re sure there’s nothing waiting on the highway?”
Jhansi blinked.
“What?”
Sebastian blinked back at her.
“If I was a thirty-eight caliber alterling looking to pick off some dumb, easy special ones at the beginning of the netherlume shift, I’d lurk on the highways for sure. Who wouldn’t want to take the quick way through the city?”
Jhansi blinked again.
“Oh fuck.”
Sebastian nodded.
“She begins to understand!”
Jhansi turned to Binyelum.
“But how are you going to be able to scout anything in–”
She gestured around her.
“–this?”
Binyelum laughed.
“Probably not very well. But we have to try.”
Jhansi looked up again.
“Are there endlings up there?”
Binyelum shrugged.
“Won’t know ‘til we get there.”
Jhansi looked back at them.
“Fuck.”
Binyelum nodded.
“She begins to understand.”
Jhansi blinked, then looked toward the base of the tower.
“What if it’s locked?”
Sebastian laughed.
“Oh no, we break a rule.”
Jhansi turned and stared at him.
Asshole.
Binyelum said, “C’mon.”
They popped the trunk, and everyone went to retrieve their swords, along with the accoutrements Jhansi had noticed earlier. She watched as Sebastian retrieved their flower crown and placed it on their head. The oversaturated vibrance of the petals again stood out starkly against the night. Velocity reached in and pulled out an astronaut’s helmet. The reflective surface of the gold-coated visor glowed steadily and emphatically, and the white curves of the helmet gleamed. Oren grabbed a pair of black open back mixing headphones, the cable severed about four inches down. The artfully engineered edges seemed to cut into the scenery around them. Bineylum grabbed a headband with a pair of fox ears fixed on top. Jhansi had never seen a shade of orange that bright in her life. Nancy abstained from grabbing anything.
Nancy had a whole deal, huh?
Jhansi grabbed her red fire extinguisher and the canvas bag, and pulled down Mambele’s trunk.
The Asterlings turned toward the Washington Center Tower. Jhansi hurried to catch up. Now that Mambele had refreshed everyone, she could see the design on the back of Binyelum’s jacket. A purple rose outlined in gold crested like the rising moon, cut off halfway at the cropped hem of the jacket, encircled by text rendered in brilliant white.
TO: SOMEPLACE TO CALL YOUR OWN, FROM: WHICH TO TAKE A STAND
What an absolute bastard.
Jhansi turned to Oren and said, “We didn’t scout the route between that 7-11 and Rue’s Cafe.”
Oren shrugged.
“It was early in the night. It’s …”
He trailed off, then concluded, “It’s hard to run into the wrong crowds, that early.”
He paused, then added, “Usually.”
Jhansi watched him.
He added, “Plus, where would we have scouted from around there?”
Jhansi thought for a second.
“There’s that apartment building.”
Oren nodded.
“Ah, yeah. That apartment building.”
Jhansi said, “You know what I mean.”
They reached the hemisphere of shallow stairs leading up to the glass front doors of the Washington Center Tower.
Binyelum danced up the stairs, then paused.
“Hm.”
Everyone paused in turn. Jhansi saw why. One of the doors hung limp, barely connected by a single hinge. Shattered glass lay all around. Jhansi couldn't see the door’s push bar anywhere.
Velocity stepped forward.
“Well shit.”
Binyelum agreed.
“Shit indeed.”
They looked into the dark interior of the tower lobby.
Sebastian added, “Frosted shit flakes?”
Binyelum toed the glass shards at their feet.
“That's what these are.”
They turned to face the Asterlings.
“Whoever came through was either very confident or very stupid.”
They looked toward the parking lot and Mambele's beaming headlights.
“They didn't care about keeping their presence a secret, so, probably not an alterling.”
They paused, then added, “And they probably didn't intend to stick around. There’s no one else in the parking lot, so they're probably already gone.”
Oren said, “There's plenty of parking on the other side of the campus. And there's two other levels of parking right here.”
Binyelum shook their head.
“Too much work.”
They turned back toward the smashed door.
“Nancy and Velocity, you go first. Sebastian and Jhansi will follow. Oren and I will take up the rear. There's gonna be a carpeted landing inside, with two flights of stairs on either side that curve downward, and a shallow flight in the middle that leads up. We're gonna head up those stairs, and then immediately to the right there will be a wall of elevators. There's also a door along the wall that leads to a stairwell. We're gonna take that stairwell all the way up. Go slow and quiet, and we should be fine.”
Jhansi swallowed. She did not want to set foot in that building. Her instincts screamed at her to return to Mambele and wait it out. What difference would her presence even make? She’d probably just slow everyone down.
Nancy stepped over the shattered door and into the lobby.
Fuck it.
Jhansi tightened her grip on her fire extinguisher. She stayed close behind Sebastian as he followed Velocity into the darkness. Binyelum smiled at Jhansi as she passed. She made a face.
The glass crunched beneath Jhansi’s flats. She stepped over the broken door in a whirl, lifting her left foot, turning to place it inside the rectangle of bent metal, continuing the spin, placing her right foot inside with her, then repeating the motion to step fully onto the landing inside the building. She looked back. Oren smiled with amusement as he stepped inside. Binyelum followed.
Jhansi felt the space of the lobby looming around and above her. The dull thump of soft footsteps rose to the ceiling as the Asterlings crossed the carpeted landing, replaced by sharper clacks as they crossed the marble tiling. Jhansi squinted, searching down the hallway for anything at all for her eyes to catch on. With the moon occluded, the cloak limited visibility to little more than a meter.
Fucking great.
Nancy found the door Binyelum had mentioned, absent a handle. She touched the splintered wood, shrugged to herself, and pulled. The door swung outward. The gloom beyond seemed even worse. Somehow.
Really fucking great.
Binyelum said, “At least the door to the roof is probably open.”
Nancy disappeared through the doorway. The bang of her feet on the concrete stairs echoed back out into the lobby. The rest of the Asterlings followed. Jhansi’s visibility diminished to practically nothing. She could barely see the back of Sebastian’s vest.
Absolutely beautiful.
Jhansi went to mount the stairs, misjudged the distance, and stumbled awkwardly. She threw out her arms to catch herself. Her right forearm banged against the metal edge of something.
Jhansi hissed, “Fuck!”
Binyelum said, “Hold up.”
The click of a cigarette lighter preceded a warm orange glow. It illuminated more of the stairwell than Jhansi would have expected. A red fire extinguisher gleamed in a glass case on the wall to her right.
Binyelum said, “Pass this up to Velocity.”
The light went out, and after a second Jhansi felt Oren’s hand on her back. She groped toward it, trying to not touch too much of his skin, blushing when she failed. She passed the lighter along to Sebastian. After another moment of blind shuffling, the lighter clicked on again.
They all took the stairs slowly, one at a time. Nancy held her ax ready, with Velocity holding the lighter close behind. Their shadows split and converged with the flickering light. After ten steps the stairs switched back, turning to the left. A locked door waited on the next landing, decorated with a placard marked 2. So how many stairs would it take in total? Two-hundred and sixty? Or, wait. Two-hundred? Jhansi started counting.
At stair two-hundred and thirty-three Velocity swore.
“Pejudo.”
Everyone lurched to a halt.
Nancy stood on the stairs leading up to the landing for the thirteenth floor. Velocity stood on the switchback. Both wore hard expressions and stared up at something Jhansi couldn't see.
Velocity said, “Welp.”
Binyelum called, “What?”
Velocity looked back down the stairs. Sebastian stepped up onto the switchback to take a look. His jaw fell open, mouth widening as his eyes searched the scene. Nancy tightened her grip on her ax and continued staring upward.
Jhansi's ears picked up a new sound, too quiet to hear over half a dozen pairs of moving feet. A rhythmic, sinewy squelching, like a wet rope twisting tighter and tighter. A second later there came a louder snap. Sebastian looked away.
Velocity said, “Just, come take a look.”
Binyelum pushed past Oren and Jhansi. Sebastian shuffled out of the way. Jhansi followed Binyelum. Oren made a sound when Jhansi moved, but didn't say anything.
Binyelum looked up toward the landing for the thirteenth floor.
“Ah.”
They took the lighter and stepped past Velocity, then past Nancy, stopping a single stair shy of the landing. They looked up into a corner of the ceiling, where everyone else had directed their attention, then around at something Jhansi couldn't see, their expression calculating. The stairs ended here, so the landing had a wider surface area than any of the others. Binyelum looked up at another corner of the ceiling, then back to the first.
Jhansi craned forward.
The white sole of a sneaker dangled in midair above the landing.
Fuck.
Jhansi looked upward, first taking in the recognizable shape of the limp body, and then the unwelcome, dark topography of shapes clustered in the corner of the ceiling.
The body wore a pair of dark blue board shorts and a white button-down tee patterned with bright watermelon slices. The tee hung open, showing off the body’s tanned, hairless stomach. The body had no arms. Thick trails of blood stained both sides of the tee. Drops fell steadily from the hem, splashing into a growing pool.
Something had swallowed the body's head, and nearly half its torso. The thing pulsed, shuddered, and pulled the body inward a few more inches. The shape of it had a geometric structure, something like a honeycomb. Stiff mucous membranes lined the interior of most cells. Long tendrils dangled from the others, curling and swaying, occasionally unfurling and going tense, as though stretching. Hooked thorns grew at intervals along the length of each tendril, droplets of clear liquid beading near each point. Two tendrils held tightly to the body's waist, squeezing, supporting the body's weight. Red blood dribbled from deep puncture wounds where the tendrils made contact with the body's skin.
The cell in the center of the structure had distended to receive the body, crowding into the adjacent cells. The membrane there swelled, then clenched. There came another loud snap. The body disappeared a few inches further into the monster. Blood gushed from the holes in the body.
What the entire fuck.
Binyelum said warmly, “Nice.”
Jhansi looked at Binyelum with bulging eyes.
“What?”
The word came out tight.
Binyelum looked at her. They smiled. Jhansi found their dark eyes unsearchable.
They turned back to face the monster.
“They’re doing it right.”
Jhansi mirrored their gesture.
She stared at the feeding monster. Her mind went blank. The world slipped out of focus. Someone jostled against her and she responded automatically, backing down the stairs. The Asterlings conversed, the sound reaching Jhansi as though through water. She heard the words but didn’t process their meaning.
Oren said, “Solo?”
Binyelum said, “Probably not. Probably picked off from a band like ours. Last one in line on the way back down.”
Velocity said, “And nobody fucking noticed?”
Bineylum said, “Seems like.”
Had the monster captured the teenager alive? 
Velocity said, “Nobody noticed the fucking beehive alterling in the corner of the stairwell? Nobody noticed when they got outside and a whole fucking person was gone?”
Binyelum said, “Maybe they didn’t have a light. Maybe they didn’t want to come back.”
Sebastian said, “Maybe they made a sacrifice. To keep the alterling busy.”
Bineylum said, “Don’t get any ideas.”
Had it lifted the teenager bodily and forced them to feel the rip of each departing arm, the muscles stretching, resisting, yielding, tearing with percussive snaps, their body reconfigured to fit more conveniently into the monster’s feeding apparatus?
Oren said, “Pejudo lo anmo.”
He sighed, then continued.
“Well, if I share my gift I can get you or Nancy up there. It’s an awkward spot, but–”
Binyelum interrupted.
“Dunno. Don’t really like those barbs. That secretion is at least paralytic, and probably poisonous.”
Had the teenager watched as the monster’s awful mouth gaped to accommodate them, the folds of its membrane filling their vision, their entire world reduced to a salivating cavern?
Binyelum added, “If we don’t get up in its business, chances are it’ll leave us alone.”
Velocity said, “You’re really just going to leave it there?”
Binyelum said, “Why not?”
“Because it’s fucking eating someone, Binyelum.”
“Yeah. It’s supposed to. That’s how this works.”
Had the teenager’s legs kicked out in protest, punctuating the futility of their final moments, until the monster tightened its inexorable hold and snapped their neck?
Jhansi felt sick.
Velocity slammed their fist against the wall.
Jhansi started.
Sebastian said, “And you’re sure it’s not gonna take a swipe at us while we’re climbing past?”
Binyelum said, “Pretty sure. Because then it would die. It doesn’t want that.”
Velocity said, “It might go for all of us at once. It’s got enough fucking tentacles.”
Binyelum said, “Jhansi.”
Jhansi blinked.
Binyelum repeated, “Jhansi!”
Oh shit.
Jhansi turned.
“Huh?”
Sebastian said, “Is she gonna throw up?”
Oh fuck off.
Binyelum said, “We’re gonna climb past that alterling. You’re gonna go last. If it makes any kind of movement toward us at all, hit it with your fire extinguisher.”
Jhansi looked down at her weapon, then back up at Binyelum.
“I can’t reach.”
Binyelum laughed.
“No, tryhardling. Spray it.”
Oh.
Jhansi said, “Oh.”
Stupid bitch.
Binyelum said, “Are you alright? Do you think you can handle that?”
Could she handle watching a monster continue to devour a teenager? That sounded like the absolute last thing Jhansi wanted to experience right now. She swallowed. The sick feeling hadn’t gone away. Her eyes again went unfocused. She felt Binyelum watching her. What would they say if she said no? What would all the Asterlings say? Sebastian would feel vindicated. Velocity might feel like she had some ulterior motive. Would Binyelum feel like revoking her title?
Jhansi’s interior space crackled.
Jhansi said, “Yeah I can handle it.”
She pressed past everyone else, up onto the landing. Binyelum held the lighter up high, illuminating the space. The alterling loomed, much closer than she had expected. The dead teenager’s sneakers dangled less than a meter from her face. A wet, sucking sound came from somewhere inside the structure of the monster. Another stream of blood gushed down the sides of the body as it disappeared upward by several more inches.
Jhansi gasped and backed away quickly, turning red, embarrassed and frustrated. The monster probably could have killed her in that moment. Or at least struck at her with those thorns. Binyelum had said something about them. Poisonous? Fucking probably. Not something she wanted to think about right now.
Jhansi looked around the landing. A ladder stretched up the wall opposite the stairs. The door at the top hung open, framing the crescent moon. Jhansi understood what Binyelum had meant about climbing.
Where should she position herself? Standing beneath the alterling sounded like a nightmare. If she stood in the corner alongside the alterling, next to the door leading onto the thirteenth floor, the monster might lash out faster than she could react. She positioned herself along the railing that protected the stairs, close enough to catch the alterling with the fire extinguisher, but out of the way of everyone else. 
Jhansi went to unhook the nozzle from the side of the canister and realized she didn’t have any idea how to use a fire extinguisher. No way could she read the instructions right here. Her eyes darted down to the weapon and back up. She found a pin on the handle and pulled it, hoping nothing would happen. Nothing did. She pocketed the pin and unhooked the nozzle, pointing it at the altering.
Jhansi called, “Ready.”
She heard movement below.
Sebastian came up first. He kept his back to Jhansi, holding his barbell between himself and the alterling. He reached the ladder and craned his neck upward.
Sebastian said, “Shit.”
He raised his voice and said, “I’m gonna leave my barbell here. Oren, will you pass it up to me?”
Oren said, “Sure thing.”
Sebastian nodded. He leaned his barbell alongside the ladder. He climbed upward quickly. His silhouette disappeared outside. The alterling barely moved.
Jhansi called, “Next.”
Oren appeared from the stairwell. Like Sebastian, he kept his back to Jhansi. He grabbed Sebastian’s barbell, mounted a few rungs of the ladder, and lifted the barbell upward. Sebastian reached down. The alterling shuddered. A pendulous tendril curled outward. Jhansi thrust the nozzle forward, half an instant away from squeezing the handle when the tendril flicked back in the other direction.
Had the monster just fucking teased her?
Sebastian retrieved his barbell.
Oren climbed upward.
Jhansi called, “Next.”
Velocity appeared. They faced Jhansi, their back to the alterling, and looked her over. A grin spread across their face.
“You’re doing great.”
They climbed the ladder, their bat clanging loudly off the rungs.
Jhansi called, “Next.”
Nancy appeared. She looked up at the alterling, squeezed hard on her ax, and turned to Jhansi. Her eyes searched Jhansi’s face. Jhansi stared resolutely at the alterling. Nancy climbed the ladder.
Jhansi called, “Next.”
Binyelum appeared. They crossed toward the ladder. The shadows of the alterling and the corpse danced across the ceiling. Instead of climbing, Binyelum stood alongside Jhansi and looked up at the monster.
Binyelum said, “Isn’t that great?”
Jhansi said, “It’s completely fucked up.”
Binyelum replied, “Yeah,” in an unreasonable tone of warmth.
They looked up the ladder and called, “Hey, come grab the lighter!”
Velocity’s head appeared above. They reached down, not quite far enough. Binyelum mounted the ladder with one hand, stretched upward, and handed over the lighter. The light flickered, but did not blink out. Velocity retreated a pace to make room as Binyelum climbed out of the stairwell. Jhansi found herself alone.
Binyelum’s head appeared above.
“You can come up now.”
Jhansi swallowed. The corpse disappeared a few inches further into the alterling. By now the monster had swallowed nearly all of the teenager’s torso. It no longer held onto the body’s waist. Two more tendrils swung freely.
Jhansi called, “So do I pass the fire extinguisher up to you, or …?”
Binyelum said, “Oh. Yeah.”
They reached down. Jhansi glanced up the ladder. Binyelum’s hand seemed a thousand miles away. Jhansi backed up against the wall and sidled over to the ladder. She looked up again. Closer, but not by much. Jhansi curled the hose of the fire extinguisher into a loop and grabbed the nozzle with the hand that held the handle. She reached up with her free hand, mounted the ladder, and pushed herself as high as she could, inverting the fire extinguisher so that Binyelum could grab it by the bottom.
Jhansi hung in the air, exposed and undefended, boxed in with a hungry predator. Her entire body hummed with voltage. A single breath marked the blisteringly narrow line between life and death.
Binyelum grabbed the fire extinguisher.
Jhansi clambered upward quickly, almost before Binyelum had fully prepared the fire extinguisher. She stole a final look at the alterling as she passed outside. It fucking waved at her.
Jhansi stepped out onto the roof of the Washington Center Tower and inhaled the timelessly bright coastal air.
Binyelum returned Jhansi’s fire extinguisher.
They grinned.
“First live one, huh?”
Jhansi glared at them.
“It’s fucking terrifying.”
Binyelum giggled.
“Yeah, it really is.”
They looked up toward the empty sky.
“It’s always fucking terrifying.”
Their grin widened. The faraway moon glittered off their sharp teeth. Their eyes glowed.
Jhansi said, “You …”
She narrowed her eyes.
“You like them?”
Binyelum looked down toward Jhansi. Their expression did not change. The angle and shadow made it difficult for Jhansi to see all of their face.
“I was one of them.”
Jhansi blinked.
“You were an alterling?”
Binyelum snorted.
“Duh.”
They playfully slapped her shoulder and stepped back.
“What, did you think I was a fucking endling?”
Jhansi noticed Sebastian look over toward Binyelum.
She said, “Like that one?” and pointed back over her shoulder at the stairwell.
Binyelum barked a laugh. They shook their head. They smiled and raised an eyebrow.
“What kind of alterling do you think I was?”
Jhansi blushed, then made a face. Why did the thought embarrass her? And why hadn’t she thought of it sooner? Why hadn’t she wondered that about any of the Asterlings?
She said, “Holy shit.”
Binyelum tilted their head.
“Too scary?”
Jhansi shook her head.
“No.”
She paused.
“Well yes, but no. Just. You guys really were all monsters, huh?”
Binyelum gave her a strange look.
“And you weren’t?”
Jhansi shook her head again.
“Binyelum!”
Binyelum said nothing.
Jhansi said, “I’ve told you! Like a thousand times.”
Binyelum stared at her for longer than she would have liked.
They shrugged.
“We’ll see. Have you been working on that memory?”
Jhansi blinked.
“Memory?”
Binyelum widened their eyes.
They said, slowly, “Yes, Jhansi. The memory you acquired back at Rue’s Cafe.”
Jhansi blinked again.
“Oh! Right! That memory, of course!”
She nodded.
Binyelum said, “Do you remember any of it?”
Oh shit.
Jhansi actually hadn’t worked on that at all.
She said, “Um. Not yet?”
Binyelum’s expression darkened.
“Do what you’re good at and try.”
They turned before Jhansi could reply. Her mouth hung open. She closed it. Binyelum crossed the roof toward the ledge where the Asterlings had gathered, on the west side of the building. Jhansi walked to catch up.
Velocity gestured outward.
“Behold.”
Jhansi still couldn’t see shit.
Well, no.
As she stared, her eyes began to pick up the distant glow of nebulites. Tiny pinpricks of color gleamed through the cloak. The longer Jhansi looked, the more she found herself able to piece together assumptions about the location of each grouping of nebulites. Flickers of gold danced here and there. Headlights.
Sebastian said, “This sucks.”
Binyelum said, “First special one I ever ate was a cups whose gift allowed others to see through the cloak.”
They paused, then added, “Her band ran her absolutely ragged.”
Sebastian looked at them.
“A cups? That sounds like a pentacles thing to me.”
Velocity said, “I was thinking a swords.”
Binyelum shrugged.
“You’d think so.”
Jhansi gave Binyelum a look.
“Cups? Pentacles? Swords?”
Binyelum smiled.
Oren said, “Three of the four suits.”
Jhansi blinked.
“Suits?”
Oren laughed.
“Cups. Wands. Swords. Pentacles. Our gifts fall under one of the four suits.”
He held up four fingers, then pulled them down one at a time as he described the suits.
“Pentacles restore the body, or provide a boon. Swords alter the body in some way that doesn’t restore it. Wands move the body, or cause the body to move other objects. Cups affect things like thought, feeling, and memory.”
Neat.
Jhansi looked around at the Asterlings.
“What are all of you?”
Velocity smirked.
“That’s kind of private, princess.”
Shit, really?
Jhansi blushed.
Oren laughed.
“I’m a five of wands.”
Velocity’s smirk turned to a smile.
They said, “I’m a six of pentacles.”
Sebastian said, “Five of pentacles.”
Bineylum said, “I’m a queen of swords.”
They pointed at Nancy with their thumb.
“Nancy’s an ace of swords.”
Nancy, an ace?
Jhansi asked, “Is that highest or lowest?”
Binyelum and Nancy looked at each other.
They both shrugged at the same time.
Because of course. Nothing here functioned without some kind of esoterica to it. Velocity and Sebastian had even expressed confusion over the suit of the first special one that Binyelum had ever killed.
Waitaminute.
Jhansi said, “Hang on. You really killed a special one?”
Everyone looked at her.
Binyelum said, “Yes?”
Oren said, “We all have.”
Jhansi blinked.
“But I thought that was like, really bad.”
Binyelum pursed their lips.
“If you're a special one, yeah.”
They furrowed their brows.
“Why is this surprising?”
Jhansi shook her head.
“I don't know. Just …”
She pictured Binyelum as a dark, gruesome shape, hunched over a body, pulling it apart, stuffing limbs into their gaping maw.
Warmth ignited in her stomach.
She looked away and repeated, “I don't know.”
Oren put a hand on Jhansi's shoulder. Jhansi started. She looked at him. He smiled faintly, but didn't say anything.
Binyelum returned their attention to the occluded sprawl of the city. For a moment they stared without speaking. Jhansi watched the distant nebulites flicker.
Binyelum said, “Quiet night.”
A massive pillar of white light erupted to the north, deep into the suburbs, miles away but still clearly visible through the cloak. Everyone turned toward it. The light reached higher into the sky, wavered like a flame, and broke away from the ground. It dissipated in pieces. Fragments drifted upward, diminishing slowly before winking out.
Jhansi's stomach dropped.
She whispered, “Fuck.”
Binyelum grinned and said, “That’s more like it.”
Velocity shifted.
Binyelum noticed.
They said, “You know what that is?”
Velocity shrugged.
“Maybe.”
Binyelum nodded and turned back to the city.
They said, “This is strange. It's still early, but not that early. We're two hours in. The gangs aren't even acting out? Weird vibe.”
They looked toward them south, away from the river. They turned and looked back across the rooftop, toward the ocean. They looked up toward the moon.
They repeated, “Weird vibe.”
Jhansi offered, “I guess we can take the highway to Bridgemall after all?”
Binyelum shook their head.
“No. Everyone's still lying in wait. We’ll drive through the neighborhoods.”
